I'm the head of development for a nonprofit in New York called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as an assistant captain in a volunteer fire company.
At the moment, in our city, volunteers provide support as highly skilled career staff, and you have to go much earlier to be able to deal with the fire scene.
I remember my first fire. I was the second volunteer on site, so I had a pretty good chance of getting in.
But still, among the other volunteers there was a great struggle to wait for the captain to lead the mission and to understand what our assignments were.
When I found his captain, he was having a very calm conversation with the host, who was likely having the worst day of his life.
He was standing in the middle of the night under the pouring rain, under the umbrella, with his pajamas, barefoot, while the house was in flames.
One of the other volunteers who got to the scene just before me — let's call him Lex Luther — (Laughter) got to the captain before I did, and he was asked to go in and rescue the homeowner's dog. Dog!
I mean, it wasn't what I was hoping for, but I did go, I climbed up the stairs, I went to the end of the hall, I passed the "real" firefighters, who had sped the flames, and I reached the bedroom to get a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero. (Laughter) I've carried the burden of my mission down the stairs, where I met my enemy and the precious dog at the front door.
We took our treasures to the homeowner, who, of course, was much more interested than I was.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the homeowner thanking us for the courageous effort displayed in saving her home.
(Laughter)
In my job at Robin Hood, as a volunteer firefighter, as an amateur, I have seen generosity and kindness on a colossal scale, but I've also seen personal integrity and courage.
And you know what I learned? It's all important. And as I look around this room at people who either have achieved or are on their way to achieving, I can offer you this reminder: don't wait.
Don't wait for your first million to make a difference in somebody else's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
Serve food at a soup kitchen, clean up a neighborhood, be a wise person.
We may not always have the chance to save a person's life every day, but every day gives us an opportunity to affect one.
So get out there; save the shoes.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
I've just come out of a community that has humanity's secrets.
It's a place where women compete to express themselves, where they have sex to say hello, where the rules of the day are played out and where fun is a serious business.
No, this is not Burning Man or San Francisco. (Laughter) Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to your cousins.
This is the world of bonobos in the pristine forests of the Congo.
Bonobos are your closest living relatives, along with other chimpanzees.
That's an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agrarianism.
(Laughter)
But unfortunately, when we're describing human evolution, we've really put too much emphasis on this.
But the bonobos are showing us the other side of the pyramid.
While chimpanzees are dominated by big, intimidating men, the bonobos are ruled by empowered females.
These guys really did get it right, because it led to a very high level of tolerance in a community where a lethal fine had not yet been imposed.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understood of the invertebrate species.
They live deep in the jungles of Congo, where the forest is intact, so it's very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox — a country of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of darkness — a scene of violent conflict that lasted for decades and was claimed to be nearly as dull as the First World War.
It's no wonder that this destruction is putting the survival of bonobos at risk.
Meat trade and deforestation mean we can't fit the rest of the world's bonobos in a tiny stadium — and frankly, we're not quite sure about that either. And yet, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear hidden laughter dripping from the trees.
Who are these cousins? We know them as the so-called "resourceful, non-combative" monkeys because they very often engage in all-important and bisexual relationships to control conflict and solve social issues.
Now, I'm not saying this is the solution to all of humanity's problems — because there's more to bonobo life than just Kama Sutra.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire lives.
It's not just for kids.
For us, for them, play is a foundation for building friendships and growing tolerance.
It's where we learn to trust, it's where we learn game rules.
Play increases creativity, increases resilience, and play is all about the diversity of the generation — the diversity of interactions, the diversity of behaviors, the diversity of relationships.
And when you watch the bonobo play, you will see the very evolutionary roots of human laughter, dance and ritual.
The game is a glue that holds us together.
Now, I don't know how you guys play, but I want to show you a couple of un-excerpts from savage lives.
First of all, it's like a bonobo hit, and I don't mean baseball.
So here's a young female and a male having a chase game, and look at what she's doing.
(Laughter) I think the man is pretty pleased with it, isn't he.
Yeah. (Laughter) So, sex play is common in both humans and bonobos.
And this video is really interesting, because it shows — this video is really interesting, because it shows the creativity of bringing things that aren't familiar to the game, like quizzes — and it also shows how the game demands and increases trust, besides having a lot of fun.
But play is something that shapes. (Laughter) But play is something that shapes, and it can take many forms, some of them more quiet, more imaginative, more inquisitive, perhaps a place where the dance is reinvented.
And I want you to see, this is Fuku, a young female, and she's quietly playing with the water.
I think, like him, we sometimes play by ourselves and we explore the boundaries of our inner and our outer worlds.
And it's this kind of playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form become the real home of creativity.
These are the little tallows that the bonobos gave us into the past and into our present.
But they also hold secrets for our future, a future that we need to adapt to in an increasingly challenging world through greater creativity and greater means of collaboration.
The secret is that play is key to all of these capacities.
In other words, play is our adaptive wild card. We need play to successfully adapt to an increasingly challenging world.
But are we going to do most of our play?
It's not that play is meaningless; play is essential.
When play is seen as the most unnecessary, it can also be the most essential.
And so, my fellow primates, let's embrace this gift from evolution, and play together, and rediscover creativity, friendship and mercy.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Now, I want you to imagine a wearable robot that gives you superhuman abilities, or a wearable robot that enables wheelchair users to stand up and walk.
We at Berkeley Bionics call them robot exoskeletons.
These are actually the things that you'll wear when you wake up in the morning that will give you extra strength and boost your speed and help you to maintain your balance.
This is, in fact, the true integration of man and machine.
It's something that not only does that, but it integrates you into the world and into the other devices that are there.
It's not just imaginary.
And I'm going to start telling you about what we're working on, with the U.S. military, who have about 100 pounds on their backs, and they're going to have to carry more.
Obviously, this leads to a number of important complications, such as back injuries — 30 percent of them are chronic.
So we thought we needed to take this issue and create an exoskeleton that would help us solve this problem.
Now, let me introduce you to the CMU, the Integrated Human Transportation System.
Soldier: I can transport over 200 pounds of loads over several hours on various terrains with the help of a CAO offshoring.
The flexible design allows for movements that require falling, bouncing and agility.
It senses what I want to do, where I want to go, and it increases my strength and resilience.
Eythor Bender: With our industry partner, we're ready to roll out this device, this new out-of-the-box solar array, later this year.
So as you can see, this is a real phenomenon.
Now let's look at something else that I'm particularly excited about, which is wheelchairs.
It's estimated that there are 68 million people on the planet who are wheelchair-bound.
That's about one percent of the total population.
In fact, it's an optimistic prediction.
We're talking more about young people in their early life — their 20s, 30s, 40s — with spinal cord injury, spinal cord injury in a wheelchair with only one tool up against the wall.
But the older population is also increasing.
And in the case of a stroke or other complication, the only option is often a wheelchair.
And this is something that's actually been around successfully since its inception over the last 500 years.
So we thought we needed to start a new page on mobility.
So I'd like to introduce you to the e-bike system worn by Amanda Boxtel who, 19 years ago, suffered a spinal cord injury and as a consequence has not been able to walk — until now.
(Applause)
Amanda Boxtel: Thank you.
EB: So here's our e-bikes team on Amanda. They have sensors. The system of sensors on the handlebars on the back of Amanda's bag that she's carrying doesn't harm the body, but it sends signals to the control room.
There's also a battery box that's got motors on its hips and knees that allow it to move easily and naturally.
AB: I was 24 years old and at the top of my form when I had a catastrophic head injury while skiing in the alpine discipline.
All of a sudden I couldn't feel my waist anymore.
Soon after that, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Unfortunately, Adam, you will never walk again." That was 19 years ago.
At that moment, the doctor threw out my hopes.
Since then, I've learned to ski again, to climb rocks, and even to ride a bicycle, thanks to adaptive technology.
But nothing that would have enabled me to walk has been invented, until today.
(Applause)
Thank you.
We have the potential to change the lives of future generations.
Not just the lives of the soldiers here or Amanda and the wheelchair users, but the lives of everyone.
AB: Thank you.
(Applause)
I've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are often very difficult and also in some ways very dangerous.
I went to prison — it's a tough situation.
I worked in a coal mine — a dangerous situation.
I photographed in war zones — both challenging and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this: It was fun at first, it got a little bit difficult going down the middle, and then it turned out to be very dangerous.
In fact, for most of my career, my only purpose was to try to get myself into situations that didn't look good, to try to study social problems in a way that made them interesting, that made them interesting, and then to break them down and make them accessible and fun for the viewer.
When I knew I was coming here to give a talk about the world of branding and sponsorship, I knew I wanted to do something a little different than what I had done before.
I put an ad on eBay a couple of weeks ago, which you may or may not have heard of.
I sent out a couple of Facebook posts and a couple of Twitter posts, and I gave people the opportunity to buy the naming rights to my TED Talk that I was going to give in 2011. (Laughter) Yeah, you heard me right. A chance for a lucky individual or company, or for a profit-making or nonprofit organization, to come together once in their lifetime — because I'm sure Chris Anderson won't let that happen again — (Laughter) so he's going to get the naming rights to the talk that you're watching.
So what I presented was, "Your opinion is here." It says, "A TED Talk where you have no opinion at all — and by implication, you or your company may find it difficult.
Especially if I make you feel like a freak because you sponsored this one — but besides, it's a great media outlet! "(Laughter) You know how many people are watching these TED Talks? It's a lot.
If you had asked me that a year ago, I would have not been able to tell you that with any certainty.
But in the new project that I'm working on now, my new film, this is going to be, we're looking at the marketing world, advertising.
And as I said before, over the years, I've gotten myself into some pretty awful situations.
But nothing, nothing could have prepared me for something as difficult or as dangerous as this, to interview these men. (Laughter) So, you know, I had an idea for making a film.
Morgan Spurlock: What I want to do is make a film that's all about product placement, marketing and advertising, and it's all about product placement, marketing and advertising that gets funded.
And the film is going to be called "The Greatest Film Ever Seen." And in "The Greatest Film Ever Seen," it's all going to be sponsored from beginning to end, from beginning to end, by brands, by the name of the brand you're going to see in the film, brand X, for the time being.
What is this? (MK: This is unnecessary.) Always, forever?
I'm an unnecessary person. (MK: Just wanted to say.) I said that to emphasize.
It was like, "Always.
Until forever. "But we're not only going to sponsor the X-brand, we're also going to sell all the categories that we can in the film.
So maybe we're going to sell a shoe, and that shoe is going to be the greatest shoe you've ever worn, or the greatest car you've ever driven, in the guise of "The Greatest Seller," the greatest drink you've ever had.
Xavier Kochhar: So your idea is, beyond just showing that brands are part of people's lives, is it to enable them to fund film?
MS: And actually show how all of these things are done.
The whole point of this film is transparency.
In this movie, you're going to see all the processing going on.
So that's the general theme of the whole movie from beginning to end.
And I'd be delighted if the CEG could help us make that happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's actually strange, because when I first heard this, it was literally the ultimate act of respect for an audience.
Guy: I don't really know how people are going to understand this.
XK: Do you have that perspective — I don't want to use the word "public," because it's got a negative connotation — but do you know how that's going to turn out? (MS: I have no idea.)
David Cohn: How much money would it take to do that?
MS: 1.5 million dollars.
John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult in the meeting you're going to have with them, but it's still worth pursuing a few big, established brands.
XK: Who knows, maybe when your movie comes out, we'll all look like talking idiots talking rubbish.
MS: What are your responses to that?
Stuart Ruderfer: The majority of the answers are going to be no.
MS: But do you think it's a tough sell because of the movie, or because of me?
JK: Both.
MS:... That doesn't mean it's very positive.
I mean, sir, can you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help you.
MS: Okay. (MK: Good.) Awesome.
MK: We have to figure out what brands to get.
MS: Yeah. (MK: That's the hard part.) When we look at the people you're meeting...
MK: There's some places we can go. (MS: Okay.) Shut the camera.
MS: I used to think that "Close the camera" meant "Let's have an informal conversation." It actually meant "We don't want to have anything to do with your movie."
MS: And as it happened here, one by one, all these companies were suddenly lost.
Nobody wanted to do anything with this movie. I was shocked. They definitely didn't want to do anything with this project.
I was in awe, because the idea of advertising was to get the product out to as many people as possible, to get as many people to see it as possible.
Especially in today's world, where new media are intersecting with old media, and in a fragmented media environment, isn't the idea to have a new means of delivery, a means of delivery that has the potential to get the message out to the masses?
No, that was just my idea.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a fatal flaw, and the flaw was this.
No, it wasn't this flaw, or whatever it was.
That wouldn't be a problem. That wouldn't be a problem. But the problem was what this image represented.
So if you do a Google search for transparency, this is... (Laughter) (Applause) This is one of the first images you'll see.
Yes, I love the way you do it, Sergey Brin!
No. (Laughter) That's the problem: transparency... free from lies and deception; b: easily detectable, or understandable cause; c: easily understood; d: characterized by visibility, or accessibility, of work in particular; and that last line is perhaps the biggest problem.
You know, we hear a lot about transparency lately.
Our politicians say it, our presidents say it, even our CEOs say it.
But when it comes to translating that into reality, something suddenly changes. But why? Well, transparency is scary. (Sneezing) It's like that weird sniffing bear. (Laughter) It's unpredictable. (Music) (Laughter) It's like that weird country road.
It's also very risky. (Laughter) What else is risky?
Big bowl of Cool Whip! (Laughter) That's risky!
When I started talking to companies and we told them we wanted to tell that story, and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
Yes, we want you to tell a story, but we only want you to tell our story. "Well, when I was a kid and my dad caught me lying in some way — and this is the look he typically gives me — he would say," Son, there are three kinds of stories.
The story you tell, the story I tell, and the real story. "So we wanted to tell the real story with this film.
But with only one company, one agency willing to help me — and the only reason for this is that I've known John Bond and Richard Kirshenbaum for many years — I figured I had to take action on my own, and I had to remove the vehicles and I had to go directly to the companies with my entire team.
And that's why suddenly what we started to understand — or what I started to understand — is that when we started interviewing these companies, I found that there was a problem in perceiving each company's brand.
MS: I have friends who make big, giant Hollywood movies, and I have friends who make small-budget independent films like I do.
And my friends who make big, giant Hollywood movies tell me the reason their films are so successful is because of their brand partners.
And my friends who make small-budget independent films say, "Well, how are we going to compete with big-budget, giant Hollywood films?" And the film is going to be called "The Greatest Film Ever Made." So how are we going to actually see Ban in the film?
Every time I'm ready to go home, every time I open my bathroom cabinet, you'll see the Ban Deodorant.
When I'm interviewing somebody, I can say, "Are you alive enough for this interview? Are you ready?
Maybe you should use one of these before the interview. "And we're going to offer one of those great fragrances, either Floral Fusion or Paradise Winds, that will all be on sale.
And we're going to personalize the recommendations for both men and women — solid, roll-on or crumpled, or whatever it is.
So we're coming up to the end of our two-cent tour.
Now, if you have any questions, I can answer them, and you can take out a five-cent coin.
Karen Frank: We're a smaller brand.
We're in competition with big brands, like the little movies you just talked about.
So we don't have the budgets that other brands have.
And doing something like this — reminding people, as you can see, of Ban — was what we were interested in.
MS: What words do you use to describe Ban? Ban is...
KF: That's an amazing question.
MS: You don't want to define something that people put on the couch with technology.
Man: We say we're brave and alive.
I think "living" is a very good word to turn this category into "fighting fat and humidity" in a positive way. It keeps you alive. How it keeps you alive longer — better longevity, more longevity, three times more longevity.
So, things like this send a message about delivering more positive benefits.
MS: And the company we're talking about is a multimillion-dollar company. How about me? How would anyone do that?
I've got to go out there and interview people, ordinary people like me, and they've got to tell me something about the brand.
MS: How would you define your brand?
Man: Um, my own brand? I don't know. I really like beautiful clothes.
Woman: The combination of the '80s back-breaking skateboarding punk and, if it's not laundry time...
MS: So Gerry, what's the brand?
Gerry: Unique. (MS: Unique.)
Man: I guess my style, my style would be dark glamor.
I like a lot of black colors, a lot of grays and things like that.
But usually, I've got sunglasses or I've got crystals or whatever, and I love those.
Woman: If Dan had been a brand, he would have been a classic Mercedes Benz running on it.
Man 2: The brand of who I am is what I like to call comfort.
Woman 2: Part hippie, part yogi, part Brooklyn woman — I don't know.
Man 3: I'm a pet guy.
I sell pet toys all over the country and around the world.
I think that's my brand.
In my little, teeny industry, this is my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver goods.
Man 5: Failed writer-alcoholic brand. Would that be a brand?
Lawyer: I'm a brand attorney.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be Tom's brand, of course, but I don't find myself in the most glamorous and comfortable setting.
(Laughter)
And so I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could step inside my head and help me understand what's called "brand identity." And so I found a company in Pittsburgh named Olson Zaltman.
This company has helped companies like Nestle, Febreze, Hallmark discover their brand identity.
If they could do it for them, surely they could do it for me.
Abigail: You brought your photographs, right?
MS: Yes. My first picture is a picture of my family.
A: So tell me how this relates to your thoughts and feelings about who you are.
MS: They are the people who shape the way I look at the world.
A: Tell me a little bit about this world.
MS: From this world? I think your world is the world you live in — and the people around you: you, your friends, your family, your lifestyle, your work.
It all came together and began, and for me, it all came together and began in West Virginia with my family.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: Next thing: This was the best day of my life.
A: How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings of who you are?
A: Tell me about your "why" phase — what does that do to us? What's the hurdle?
What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that part. Tell me a little bit about who you're not.
What were the other metamorphoses that you had?
It doesn't have to be fear.
What kind of speed train are you riding now?
MS: EEEEEE! (A: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience. (MS: Well done.)
A: Yeah. (MS: Thank you very much.) Okay.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come of that.
Something crazy happened in there.
Lindsay Zaltman: Well, the first thing that we realized is that your brand identity is two distinct but complementary faces, and the Morgan Spurlock brand is a thoughtful / fun brand.
They're very compatible.
And that's why they create almost a paradox.
I think most companies are going to focus on just one aspect instead of the other two.
A lot of companies — it's a part of our human nature — they avoid things that they're not sure about, the fears, the similarities, but you really embrace them and you turn them into something positive for you, and it's good to see.
What other brands look like this?
The first example is the brand, the Apple, which has become very classic about this.
You can also see Target, Wii, Mini Coopers, Mini and JetBlue.
We talk about funny brands and thoughtful brands, and against all of these alternatives, a funny, thoughtful brand is a very powerful phenomenon.
MS: A fun, thoughtful brand. What is your brand? If someone asked you to define the identity of your brand, the personality of your brand, what would be your answer?
Do you have a living attitude?
Are you somebody who sucks people's blood?
Or do you have a more peaceful attitude?
Are you a conservative, introverted, a little bit quieter?
Among the lively ones are being funny, being lively like Fresh Prince, being modern, adventurous, being thrilling or courageous like Errol Flynn, agile or agile, earthly, conversational, magical or mysterious like Gandalf.
Or do you have a more relaxed stance?
Are you 007 thinking, knowing too much?
Are you an ophthalmologist, a traditional, nurturing, protective empathic person like Oprah?
Are you a confident, balanced, well-known, confident, confident, holy, deep thinker, or a wise person like the Dalai Lama or Yoda?
They didn't want to participate in it. They didn't want to do anything about it, and the main reason was because they were afraid they wouldn't be able to control it.
They wouldn't have any control over the final product.
But we found 17 companies that were willing to give up control, that were willing to work with someone that was thoughtful and funny like me, and that were willing to give us the power to tell stories that we ultimately would not be able to tell on our own, stories that an advertising man would never know.
They went on to tell the story of neuromarketing by telling the story of how MRIs are used to target desire centers in the brain, in ads and also in the marketing of movie theaters.
We went to San Paulo, where outdoor advertising was banned.
For the past five years, there have been no billboards, posters, handouts in the city. Nothing. (Applause) We've gone to schools in America that are struggling with the money that corporations are trying to access today.
What's amazing to me is that the projects that I've gotten the most feedback on, or the projects that I've had the most success on, are ones where I've actually interacted directly.
And these companies, they got rid of their cars, they got rid of their agencies, and they said, "Maybe those agencies don't think of me as the best one." I'll talk to the artist directly.
I'm going to create something different with it, something that will make people think, and will challenge the way we see the world.
So how has this approach worked so far? Has it worked? Well, we can take a look now that our film has just been released at the Sundance Film Festival.
According to Burrelles, the film premiered in January, and since then — and this is only a small part of the story — we've had 900 million media impressions of the film.
That's literally two and a half weeks of total overload.
This isn't just digital data — it's not even print or TV — the distribution of the movie hasn't started yet.
The film is not digitally released.
There's no publication.
And it hasn't even been shipped overseas.
So as a result, this film is already gaining momentum.
And it's not a bad project, because almost all of the ad agencies we talked to advised their clients not to participate in it.
There's one thing that I always believe, and that is, if you try your luck, if you take risks, chances do come out of those risks.
I believe that if you take people away from this, you're actually steering them towards failure.
I believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks, you'll actually prepare the entire company to be tested with rewards.
What I feel is that what's needed to make progress is to encourage people to take risks.
We need to encourage people not to fear opportunities that might frighten them.
Ultimately, if we're going to keep going, I think we should embrace fear.
(Laughter) Embrace the fear. Embrace the risk. Each time we take a cube, we should embrace the risk.
And finally, we need to embrace transparency.
A little bit of intimacy today is going to have a bigger impact than ever before.
And finally, with integrity and transparency, this whole "Embrace the Transparency" talk was presented to you by my good friends at EMC, who bought their naming rights on eBay for $7,100. (Applause) EMC: Transforming Big Data into Great Opportunities for All Organizations across the globe.
EMC offers embrace of openness.
Thank you guys so much.
(Applause)
Juna Cohen: So tell me, Morgan, in the name of transparency, what happened to that $7,100?
MS: That's an amazing question.
I have in my pocket now a $7,100 check from the Sapling Foundation, which owns the TED event, to be used for next year's TED.
(Laughter)
(Applause)
I've had the pleasure of working on some amazing projects in my life.
But the coolest thing is what I've done with this guy.
This guy is called TEMPT.
TEMPT was one of the foremost graffiti artists of the '80s.
And one day he came home from the run and he said, "Dad, my legs are tingling."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Now, TEMPT is now completely paralyzed.
It can only move its eyes.
I'm obsessed with it. I have a company that does design and animation, so clearly, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
And so we decided that we would sponsor Tony, TEMPT, and his cause.
And I went to meet her father and her brother, and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with your money? "And his brother said," I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he wants to be able to communicate with me. "And I said," Wait a second, I've seen Stephen Hawking, aren't all paralyzed people communicating with these devices? "
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate?" Has everyone seen "The Snoopy and the Diver"?
That's how they make the connection, by moving their fingers around. "This is very old.
How could that be? "
I came to them just to sign a check, and I signed a check that I had no idea how to cash in on instead.
So I promised him, I promised his father, I promised his brother, I promised him, "Peka, here's the deal: Tony's going to speak, we're going to get him a machine, and we're going to find a way for him to do his art again.
Because it's not fair that she doesn't have the ability to communicate everything about her art. "
So I spoke at a conference a few months later.
I met people called GRL, the Graffiti Research Lab, and they have a technology that reflects light to any surface, and then they can draw on that surface with a laser pointer and record that.
So they go somewhere and do art installations like this.
They said, this is all going on, this is a life cycle.
It starts with the genitals, and then it starts with the mutilation, and then it's Bush admission, and people actually exist for the arts.
But there was always a life cycle to their presentations.
So I went home and I was having dinner with my wife, and I was talking about this, and the conversation went like this, "Wait a second, if we know you have eye-controlled technology, why don't we figure out a way for TEMPT to use lasers to do graf again, and that would be awesome."
So our journey began. And about two years later, about a year later, after going through a lot of different organizations and a lot of different things, we did a couple of things.
One, we knocked on the doors of the insurance companies, and we got a Stephen Hawking machine that actually allowed TEMPT to communicate. (Applause) That was amazing.
And he's one of the funniest — I call him Yoda because you talk to him, you get an email from him, and you say, "I'm not worthy.
This guy is amazing. "
The other thing we did is we brought seven programmers from all over the world — literally, from all over the world — into our house.
My wife and kids and I moved to the back garage, and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists built our house.
And because we did this, many of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid, and we would come back one day, and all the paintings on the wall would be removed and graphs would be placed.
But over the course of about two weeks, we programmed, went to Venice Boardwalk, my kids got involved, my dog got involved, and we created this.
It's called EyeMaker, and you can see the description.
This is a cheap pair of goggles that we bought at Venice Beach Boardwalk, some copper wire and some stuff from Home Depot and Radio Shack.
We've taken a PS3 camera, rigged it to open, coupled it to an LED light, and now we have a device that's free for you to do, we publish the code for free, you can download the program for free.
And we've made a device that has absolutely no limitations; no insurance company can say no to that.
There is no hospital that can say no to that, and anyone with a stroke now has the ability to actually draw or communicate using only their eyes.
(Applause)
Thank you. Thank you very much, guys. That was amazing.
After two weeks, we went back to TEMPT's room.
I love this photo, because this is somebody else's room, and this is somebody else's.
And then it's a sprint to produce the product.
And over the course of a year of planning, two weeks of programming, a carb-fest and all-night sessions, Tony drew again for the first time in seven years.
And this is an amazing picture, because this is her life support system, and she's looking through her life support system.
We took his bed out so he could see the outside.
And we installed the projection on the wall outside the hospital in the parking lot.
And for the first time, he was able to paint it again, and you can only imagine what he felt in front of his family and friends and in the parking lot.
The funny thing is, we stopped entering the parking lot at all, so we felt completely legal in the graphics.
(Laughter)
At the end of it, he sent us an email, and this is what they said in the email: "This was the first time I'd drawn it in seven years.
It felt like I was being held underwater, and finally someone reached out to me and shook my head up so I could breathe. "That's amazing, isn't it.
(Applause)
It's like our triumphal tears.
It's what keeps us going and keeps us developing.
And there's a lot of ways we can go about that.
This is a very surprising device, but it's like a board that can be drawn and erased.
Someone with artistic potential deserves more.
So we're in the process of trying to figure out how to do this better, faster, more powerfully.
Since then, we've had all kinds of information.
Remember, it's free; none of us make any money on it.
Every expense comes back into our own pocket.
The awards are in the form of, "Oh, this is fantastic." Armstrong Twittered us, and then in the fall, Time magazine honored us with their 50 best airplanes of 2010, which is really cool.
(Applause)
The coolest thing about this — and this completes the circle — is that in April of this year, at the Geffen MOCO in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called "The Art of the Streets." And in "The Art of the Streets," there's going to be good performers of street art — Banksy, Shepard Fairey, CAWs — all of these guys are going to be there.
He's going to be doing the show with TEMPT, which is fantastic.
(Applause)
In fact, my point is this: If you see something that's impossible, make it so.
Everything in this room was impossible — this stage, this computer, this microphone, the EyeWriter — was impossible at some point.
Make it accessible — everyone in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I've done nothing with eye-spotting technology, but I've just noticed something, and I've connected myself with interesting people, and we've made something happen.
And when you think about something that needs to be done every day, I want you to ask yourself this question: if not now, when?
And if I'm not, who am I?
Thank you guys.
(Applause)
How about being better than you are?
I mean, with just a few changes in your genes, you might have better memory, more accurate, more accurate, faster, maybe you want to be more fit, maybe you want to be stronger, more resilient, maybe you want to be more attractive, more confident?
How about a longer life of health?
Maybe you're one of those people that yearns for more creativity.
Which one would you prefer? Which one would you prefer if you could only choose one?
How many of you would choose creativity?
Raise your hands, and I'll see. One bump. There's probably some creative people here. That's pretty good. How many of you would have chosen memory?
A little bit more. fitness? A little bit less. What about longevity? The majority. It made me feel good as a doctor.
If you had one of these, the world would be very different. Is this just a dream?
Or is it possible?
Evolution has been an eternal subject, but today here at the TED conference, I want to give you the perspective of a physician. An important 20th-century geneticist, T.G. Dobzhansky, who was also a speaker at the Russian Orthodox Church, wrote an essay that he called "Nothing Makes Sense Except in the Light of Evolution in Biology."
If you're one of those who doesn't accept the evidence for biological evolution, this is a good time to turn off your hearing aids, turn off your personal communications devices, and maybe take a look at Kathryn Schukltz's book where it's wrong, because nothing in the rest of this talk will make sense to you in the same way that it did before. (Laughter) But if you do accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just about the past?
Can it be applied to others, or to us?
Another view of this tree of life is that in this picture, I've placed a branch that extends in every direction from the center, because if you look at the edge of the tree of life, every species that exists at the edge of the branch has evolutionarily followed one another, survived and adapted to its environment.
One branch of this, of course, belongs to the human race that we're most interested in.
We come from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees around six to eight million years ago.
In that time, maybe two dozen different kinds of hominids have evolved.
Some have come and gone. We've been here for about 130,000 years. It may seem like we're a little bit far away from other parts of the tree of life, but in reality, for the most part, the basic system of our cells is fairly close.
Do you realize that by leveraging and manipulating the system of a common bacteria, we're able to make insulin protein to treat diabetics?
It's not like the human genome, it's exactly the same protein that the pancreas is secreting, which is chemically indistinguishable.
And speaking of bacteria, do you realize that we carry more bacteria in our gut than the rest of our bodies does?
Maybe 10 times as many.
Imagine if bacteria came to mind when Antonio Damasio was talking about your confidence.
Our gut is an exquisitely sensitive environment for bacteria.
It's warm, it's dark, it's moist, it's the right environment, and without trying, you're going to provide them with all the nutrition that they need and they're going to want. It's easy for the bacteria to digest.
Bacteria help to digest major foods and protect you against some diseases.
Are we in some kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are we destined to be a different species?
So let's look back four billion years ago, the Big Bang, the Earth and the solar system four and a half billion years ago, the earliest findings of life on Earth three to four billion years ago, the first multi-celled organisms eight hundred million or a billion years ago, followed by the human race, 130,000 years ago, in this endless, immense symphony of the universe, in our world, where life is a brief animal kingdom, an even shorter animal kingdom, and the human kingdom, a little extra note.
(Laughter)
In my freshman year of college, my first year of biology, I was fascinated by the beauty and elegance of biology. I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something very important: in single-celled forms of life, each cell simply divides, and all the genetic energy of that cell is transferred to the offspring.
But when we get to multicellular organisms, things start to change, and they start to reproduce. And importantly, once we become familiar with reproduction, we can start to have the rest of our bodies available, except for those that are encoded by the genome.
In fact, you can say that the inevitability of death and reproduction has been evolutionarily intertwined.
I have to admit, when I was in college, I thought, reproduction / death, reproduction for death, was rational at the time, but as the years passed, my doubts grew. I understood the vulnerabilities of George Burns, who performed in Las Vegas in the '90s.
One night, the door swings open.
When he opens the door, he sees a beautiful showgirl.
And she looks at me and she says, "I'm here for hot sex."
George says, "Grandma, can I have some soup?"
(Laughter)
I realized that as a physician, I was working towards a purpose, and that purpose was different from the purpose of evolution, not at all the opposite, just different.
I wanted to keep us healthy. I wanted to cure disease. I wanted to keep us healthy and live long.
It's about passing on the evolutionary genome from generation to generation, adapting and staying alive. From an evolutionary perspective, you and I are like a propulsion rocket designed to transport the genetic payload to the next orbit and be condemned to the sea.
I think we can all relate to Woody Allen when he said, "I want to achieve immortality, not dying with my art."
(Laughter)
Evolution does not necessarily approve of the oldest or the greatest or the most powerful or the fastest or the smartest.
It approximates the creatures that best adapt to the evolutionary environment. It's the only example of survival and success.
The warm-blooded bacteria that love to live under the ocean are able to live off the heat from the boiling holes, so they've built the right environment.
What this means is that when we look at what happened in evolution in the past, and when we think about the place of human evolution, and especially when we think about the next step, I can say that there are a lot of possibilities. First of all, we've reached a kind of balance, and now human evolution is going to stop.
And the reason for this is that we managed to protect many of our genes with drugs, and if we didn't intervene, those genes would be selected out and deleted, and as a species, we adapted to our environment as well as adapted to ourselves.
Meanwhile, we migrated, traveled, and mixed with each other in a way that would never have permitted the isolation that evolution needed.
The second possibility is that evolution in a naturalistic, traditional style is imposed by the forces of nature.
The argument here is that this irreversible process is very heavy.
As long as isolation exists, as long as we colonize exoplanets as a species, it will be possible for evolution to take place naturally, for isolation and for environmental changes.
But there's a third possibility, a seductive, fascinating and terrifying possibility that I call neo-evolution. Now, neo-evolution is a way in which we as individuals, guided and chosen by our preferences, don't embrace the simplicity of nature. How did that happen? How did that become possible?
Really speaking, in some cultures today, people can make choices about their children.
In some cultures, parents choose to have only boys.
It's not necessarily an opportunity for the community, but individuals and families make that choice.
Imagine if you could make genetic changes that would either heal or protect your body from disease, instead of simply choosing your gender.
What if you could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes and Alzheimer's, reduce the risk of cancer, reduce the risk of stroke to zero?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look to the future, choices like this are increasingly likely.
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and lasted 13 years.
A year after it was down to 2.7 billion dollars, in 2004, you could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in three to four months. Today you can get your three-million-base genome for 20,000 dollars in one week.
A 1,000-dollar genome, accessible to everyone, will be possible in no time, and the National Academy of Engineering awarded its Drape a week ago to two scientists named Francis Arnold and Willem Stemmer, who have developed independent techniques to accelerate the natural process of evolution.
This is also a study that Frances and Arnold call "manipulated evolution" — to get access to desired proteins in a more efficient way.
A few years ago, the Lasker Prize-winning scientist Shinya Yamanaka made it possible for adult skin cells to become any cell in your body by switching four genes, a fibroblast.
We can make viruses that are immune to other viruses, not just to themselves, but with the technology to make human insulin in bacteria.
Believe it or not, there are ongoing attempts to develop a flu vaccine using a material grown in the cells of tobacco plants.
Can you imagine something good coming out of it?
These are the facts today, and much more will be possible in the future.
Imagine being able to change the cells in your body with just two small changes. But what if you could change the cells in your child?
If you have the chance to change the sperm and the egg, or the egg that's fertilized, and give your child a chance to live a healthier life, if you can eliminate diabetes and hemophilia, you can reduce the risk of cancer.
Who wouldn't want a healthier child?
And then if it's possible for us to have the same analytical technology, the same system product, to be able to protect against disease, if we can have super-features, higher capacities, better memory, why can't you have Ken Jennings' cleverness, especially when it's going to be developed with the new Watson machine?
Why don't you have faster contracting muscles that will allow you to run faster and longer?
Why don't you live longer?
And the next generation, when we're in a position to pass on these traits that we've adapted to, we're going to be able to turn old-school evolution into neo-evolution. We're going to be able to squeeze the process that would normally take 100,000 years into 1,000 years, maybe even 100 years.
Those are the choices that your grandchildren, or their grandchildren, are going to have.
Are we going to use these choices to make society better?
Are we going to be more successful, are we going to be more gentle, or are we just going to choose the different attributes that we want for some of us?
Are we going to make society more boring or more uniform or more powerful or more capable?
These are the questions we have to confront.
And seriously, will we be able to develop wisdom, the existence of wisdom that will enable us to make these choices wisely?
For better or for worse, and sooner rather than later, those choices will depend on us.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Everybody, good evening. I've got something I want to show you. (Laughter) Think of it as a pixel that can fly.
We call this smart design in our lab.
I'll tell you a little bit about that.
Now take this picture — I'm originally from Italy, and every boy in Italy grew up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom.
Once upon a time, you would take your budget to win a Formula 1 race and you would bet that money on a good chauffeur and a car.
And if the car and the driver were good enough, you would win the race.
Today, in order to win the race, you need something like this — a couple thousand sensors that can monitor the car in real time, gather information from the car, transmit that information back to the system, and then process that information back to the car in real time, making various decisions, and implement real-time changes.
In engineering terminology, it's called real-time control systems.
Basically, a system is made up of two components — a perception component and an operational component.
What's interesting today is that real-time control systems are becoming part of our everyday lives.
In recent years, our cities have become covered in networks, covered in electronics.
They're like open-air computers.
And like computers in the open, they respond in different ways to their perceptions and their interactions.
It's a very important condition if we are to fix our cities.
As a side note, I want to mention that our cities are only two percent of the Earth's mass, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
They represent 75 percent of energy consumption — they're responsible for 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
It will matter if we can do something about our cities.
Beyond cities, all of these components of sensing and operating affect everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition that Paola Antonelli organized at MoMA during the summer months. It's called Talk to Me.
Our objects, our environment, are starting to talk to us.
In a sense, the battery is becoming the sensor and the operating component for all the atoms in the outside world.
And that fundamentally changes the way that we as humans interact with the external world.
In a sense, like Michelangelo's dream. You know, when he was making his sculpture of Moses, he was told that he would finally take the viper and throw it at Jesus — there's actually a little ring underneath — and he would say, you know, yell, "Perché non parli?
Why don't you talk? "For the first time today, our environment is beginning to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you a few examples of this idea of perception and manipulation of our environment —
Let's start with perception. The first project I want to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
He was in Italy four and a half years ago.
And what we did there was actually use a network that was distributed all over the world — the mobile phone network — at the time that it was new, and we would use the anonymous and aggregated information that was collected by the operator to try to understand how the city worked.
It's a paper we were lucky to get — 2006.
Italy had won the World Cup.
Some of you will remember, Italy was playing France, and then finally, Zidane hit a player with his head.
After all, Italy won.
(Laughter)
So I just want to draw your attention to what happened that day, just by watching the movement on the network. Here you see the city.
You see Colosseum in the middle, the Tiber in the middle. The morning before the match.
And after lunch, people from all over the place are calling and they're moving.
The game starts — there's silence. France scores. Italy scores. The first half is over, people call somebody to take care of the toilet. The second half. The normal period of the game is over.
The first half of the extension, the second half.
(Laughter) (Applause) Everybody went to the city center to celebrate that night.
The next day, everyone gathered in the center city to greet the then-Prime Minister.
And then everybody went to the bottom of the map.
And here you see this place called Circo Massimo, where people have gathered since the time of Rome to celebrate — there's a big party here, and you see the pebble that happens at the end of the day.
This is just one example of the kinds of things that we can use to perceive the city, and we couldn't have done it this way a few years ago.
Here's another quick example of perception: it's not about people, but it's about the things that we use and consume.
We know very well where our stuff comes from today.
This map shows where and how all the chips of a Macintosh came together.
However, we know very little about where these things go.
So in this project, we've developed small tags that we can put on some junk that moves through the system.
We started this project about a year ago with a couple of volunteers in Seattle who were helping us to tag things that they were throwing out — you can see the various things they were throwing out there — that they were throwing out already.
And then we followed by putting a little chip, a little tag, on the garbage.
These are the results we get.
(Music)
A week after Seattle.
With this knowledge, we realized that the system was very inefficient.
We can actually do the same thing with much less energy.
This data has never existed before.
But there's also a lot of wasted transportation and a lot of complexity.
However, we believe that if we see that the cup that we throw away every day doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on Earth, and if we detect that the cup that we throw away is persistent, we can actually stimulate change in people's behavior by showing them.
That was the purpose of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assaf Biderman, can tell you a lot more about perception, and he can tell you a lot about the amazing things that can be done with perception, but I want to get to the second part that we talked about at the beginning, and that's to activate, to operate our environment.
The first project is something we did a few years ago in Zaragoza, Spain.
The mayor of the city started by asking us a question, and he said, there's a good tradition in Spain and in South Europe of using water in public architecture.
The question was: How could technology, new technology, be added to this concept?
One of the ideas that was developed in a workshop at MIT was a pipe with solenoid valves opening and closing, a pipe with tabs.
You create a screen with the pixels of the Sudan.
If the pixels fall off, you can create the text, the shapes, the images, the text.
And when you get close it can open up so you can jump in, as you can see in this image.
We presented this to Mayor Belloch. He loved it. And we were commissioned to design a building at the entrance to the exhibition.
We call this building the Digital Water Pavilion.
The entire building is made of water.
It doesn't have a door or a window, but when you get close it will open for you to enter. (Music) The roof will be covered in water.
And if there's some wind, you can lower the roof a little bit so that the water doesn't get in the way.
Or you can turn off the building, and all the architecture will disappear as it is.
On these winter days, when the roof is down, we get emails from people who go there and visit the building saying, "They demolish the building." No, they didn't demolish the building, but when they demolish the roof, the architecture almost disappears.
You can see here how the building works.
Here you see the person trying to figure out what's inside the building.
And here I'm trying not to get wet when I try to use censors to run water.
I have to tell you what happens when the sensors go out at night.
It was actually even more fun that night.
All the young people of Saragossa came to the building because their interaction with the building changed.
The building was no longer open for you to enter, but there were still holes and cracks in the water curtain, and you had to jump inside without getting wet to get in.
(Video) (Children noise)
And this was very interesting to us, because as architects, engineers and designers, we always think about how people will use the things that we design.
But it's hard to predict what's really going to happen.
And that's the beauty of doing things that are used by people and interacting with them.
This is an image of a building that has physical scaffolding, that has water-based pixels, and the pixels are projected on top of it.
And that got us thinking about the project I'm going to show you now.
Imagine if those pixels could fly.
Imagine that you have little helicopters that can move in the air, and imagine that you have a pixel with changing lights in each one — like a cloud that moves in space. Here's the video.
(Music)
In your mind, imagine a helicopter that's acting in sync with similar examples that we've seen before.
You can get a cloud like this.
You can have a kind of flexible display, like this — a two-dimensional, regular configuration.
Or it's organized but in three dimensions, where what changes is the light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different species.
Imagine if your screen could suddenly appear on different scales or sizes, different resolutions.
But all of this is a cloud of 3D pixels that you can zoom in on, walk through and see from multiple perspectives.
This is the actual Flyfire coming down to create the regular shape V that you saw before.
When you turn on the light, this is what you see.
So it's the same as before, the same as before.
And imagine each one managed by a human.
Every pixel can be controlled by human actions or inputs, etc.
I'm going to demonstrate for the first time in your presence.
Working with one of the leading ballet dancers of today, 'Roberto Bolle' — the Metropolitan in New York and the étoile in Milan — and with Flyfire, we captured their movements in 3D for use.
You can see him dancing here.
On the left, you see the pixels being captured at different resolutions.
It uses both real-time 3D scanning and motion capture.
So you can reconstruct the entire gait from beginning to end.
Once you've got the pixels, you can interact with them and with color and motion and gravity and rotation.
So we want to use that as a possible input for Flyfire.
I want to show you the latest project that we've been working on.
It's something we've been working on for the Olympics in London. It's called the cloud. And the idea here is that by engaging people, by doing something that changes our environment — something we call the cloud removal — it's like building a barn, but in this case it's a cloud.
Imagine everybody contributing to a pixel.
And what's interesting to you is that what's happened in the last few decades is that we've moved from the physical world to the virtual world.
We've digitized all of our data, and we've made all of this accessible through the Internet.
For the first time today — and this is what Obama's campaign showed us — we're moving from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical one.
In our case, we want to use it to design and make things.
It means something that's built in a city.
But tomorrow, in order to overcome the challenges that we face today — think climate change or CO2 emissions — it's possible to change how we go from the digital world to the physical world.
And the idea was to get people to be able to do this collectively.
Just like a real cloud is made up of particles, this cloud is made up of pixels, and when those particles are water particles, our cloud is a cloud of pixels.
It's a physical structure in London that's covered in pixels.
It can circle around and experience different kinds of experiences.
From below, you can share the most important moments of the 2012 Olympics and the events that will follow, and it can be a serious tool for individuals to connect with society.
So there will be clouds in the sky, and it will be possible to climb up, sort of the new height of London. You can go in there. And at night it will be a new kind of symbol of the city — but most importantly, it will be a new experience for everybody who climbs up.
Thank you.
(Applause)
My name is Amit. And I had another job at Google 18 months ago, and I explained to my boss, who's sitting here right now, that I wanted to do something with museums and art, and he let me in.
And it took me 18 months.
I can tell you a lot of fun bargaining and stories about 17 museums from nine different countries.
But I want to focus on the demos.
There are a lot of stories about why we did this.
I think my own story comes out very clearly in this slide, and that's access. [The Art Gallery - open on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.] And I grew up in India.
I had a wonderful education — I don't complain — but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art installations.
And when I started traveling and visiting these museums, I was learning a lot.
And working at Google, I tried to make this aspiration more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, an amazing group of people, and we started doing this.
I'm going to show you the demo, and then I'm going to tell you a couple of interesting things that we've had since the beginning.
So, simple: you go to GoogleArtProject.com. You browse through all the museums here.
There's Uffizi, there's the MoMA, there's Hermitage, Rijks, Van Gogh.
In fact, I'm going to show you one of my favorite museums, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
There are two ways to go in there — very simple.
Click and bam, you enter the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are — Mumbai, Mexico, doesn't really matter.
You walk around, you have fun.
Do you want to change your museum?
Open up the plan, and with one tap jump right in there.
There you are, you want to get to the end of the corridor. Keep going. Have fun. Discover.
(Applause)
Thank you. I haven't got to the best part yet.
(Laughter)
So here I am in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Harvesters," by Pieter Breugel.
I see the added value here.
If the museum has given us a painting, you click on this plus.
And this is one of those images.
For those of you who are into the realm of art, all the characteristics are there. You can click on it — but I'm going to close it now.
And this is one of the images that we captured using a technique that we call the gigapike technology.
So this picture, for example, is about 10 billion pixels in size.
And a lot of people ask me, "What did you need 10 billion pixels for?" And I'm going to try to show you what we can achieve with 10 billion pixels.
You can zoom in on the image, very simply.
And you can see some fun things happening here.
I love this guy; his voice is unwavering.
But then you want to go deeper.
And I started to mess around, and I realized that there was something going on here, and I thought to myself, "Wait a minute.
This looks like something interesting. "
And I came closer and closer to realizing that these boys were actually beating something.
So I did some research, I spoke to some people in the Met, and I found out that this was actually a game called "squail," which is played on special days and in which you can also squawk and tear rope.
And it turns out to be quite popular.
I don't know why they did this, but I've learned something about it.
If we go really deep now, you can see the cracks.
Now, if I give you some perspective, I'm going to zoom in on the image so you can actually see what's going on.
We were here, and this is the chart.
(Applause)
The best part is about to come in a few seconds.
So let's fast-forward to the MoMA in New York.
Another one of my favorites is called "The Starry Night." The example I just showed you is all about finding the detail.
But what if you wanted to see some brush strokes?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece, you can enlarge the picture. Really go inside. So I'm going to go into one of my favorite bits of this painting, and I'm going to see the cracks.
This is "The Starry Night," I think, never before.
I'll show you another feature that I like.
There are many features here, but I don't have time.
This is the cool part. It's called collections.
One of you, any of you — if you're rich, if you're poor, if you've got a fancy home — it doesn't matter.
You can go and create your own online museum — create your own collection of all these images.
Quite simply, you enter — and I've created this collection called "The Power of Zoom" — you just magnify the image.
This is "The Ambassadors," which is on display at the National Gallery.
You can write down the footnotes and share them with your friends and have a conversation about how you feel when you're looking at these masterpieces.
So the bottom line, I think, is that all this amazing stuff actually doesn't even come from Google.
It doesn't even, to me, come from museums. I guess I shouldn't say that. It actually comes from artists.
And that's my direct experience in this project.
I mean, I hope we treat their artwork fairly in this digital environment, and we represent the artwork fairly online.
And the biggest question I get these days is, "Did you do this just to replicate the experience of going to a museum?" And the answer is no.
It's about completing the experience.
And that's it. Thanks.
(Applause)
Thank you.
This is a representative view of the brain, and we can break your brain down into two parts.
The left side is about logic, and the right side is about intuition.
And if we were to make a scale to measure the capability of each lobe, we could plot a graph of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who would rely entirely on logic.
This would be someone who would rely entirely on their intuition.
So where do you want to put your brain at this scale?
For some of us that might be an extreme comment, but I think for most people in the audience, that's what your brain looks like — that's what it's like to have a high capacity in both lobes at the same time.
Loads don't work together to exclude or reinforce each other.
You can be logical and intuitive.
And then I thought of myself as one of these other experimental quantum physicists who's got this really good reasoning and really good ability to put these complex ideas together.
But at the same time, we need good intuition to make the experiment work.
How do we develop that intuition?
We like to play with things.
So we play with it really well, and then we see how it behaves.
And a little bit of intuition that you've developed over the years is that anything will happen at a certain time in a certain place.
What I'm trying to say is that it may seem like a ridiculous thing to think that something could happen in two different places at the same time, but that's not how you were born.
I remember watching a kid scramble on the block of a car.
He was just a baby, and he wasn't very good at it, so he just laid on it.
But I would argue that playing with that disability has taught him a really important lesson, that big things aren't going to give him a comfortable transition and he's going to stay in place as a whole.
This is a great conceptual model for the world, unless you're a particle physicist.
This is a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they're playing with strange little particles, they're not playing with car obstacles.
And as they play with the particles, they actually find all sorts of strange things — things that can move through walls or can be in two different places at the same time.
And then when they write down all of these observations, they call it the theory of quantum mechanics.
That's where physics used to be a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe little, tiny particles.
But we didn't have to identify the large, everyday objects around us.
This really didn't fit my intuition, perhaps because I don't play with particles very often.
Sometimes I play, but not often.
And I've never seen them.
No one's ever seen a particle.
But it didn't make sense to me.
Because if everything is made up of little particles and quantum mechanics applies to all little particles, then why doesn't quantum mechanics apply to everything?
I don't see any reason why it shouldn't be me.
And if somehow I could make an object about our everyday life, where quantum mechanics applies, then I would feel better.
So a few years ago, I set out just to do this.
And I built one. This is the first object where the mechanical quantum superposition is applied.
So what we're looking at here is a little computer chip.
You can look at this green dot there in the middle.
I'm going to talk for the next few minutes about this piece of metal.
This is a picture of the cismine.
I'm going to zoom in a little bit, so let's zoom in to the center.
And here we're actually going to see this little piece of metal very, very closely.
Now what are we looking at in this little piece of metal? It looks like a dirigible that's extended like a cliff.
I did this almost in the same way that a computer chip does.
I went into a clean room with a new silicon wafer, and for about 100 hours, like all big machines, I hooked up to the crank.
In the final stages, I had to make my own machine to make a pool-shaped hole underneath the device.
This device is enough to create a quantum superposition, but it still needs some help.
I'll give you an example that looks like this.
You know how uncomfortable a crowded elevator is.
When I'm alone in the elevator, I can do all sorts of weird things, but when other people get on the elevator, I stop doing those weird things because I don't want to bother them or, frankly, scare them.
Here, quantum mechanics is predicting the same pattern across inanimate objects.
Visitors to inanimate objects are not only people, but also the light shining on them, the wind blowing and the temperature of the room.
And we know that if we want to see this piece of metal moving with respect to quantum mechanics, we have to kick out all the visitors.
That's what we did. We turned out the lights, and we took all the air out, put it in a vacuum, and then cooled it down to near absolute zero.
Now, artificially, like in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to move any way it wants. And then we watch it move. We find it's moving in really strange ways.
It didn't move. It was shaking.
Its vibrations, it felt like breathing — like expanding and screaming.
By giving it a gentle push, we made it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time — something that only quantum mechanics allows.
I'm here to tell you something truly amazing.
So what does it mean that it's vibrating and it's not vibrating at the same time? Let's think about atoms. Here's an example: trillions of atoms, each of which makes up a small piece of metal, all resting, and at the same time, these atoms are moving up and down.
They align just for a moment.
The rest of the time it's kind of ambiguous.
That means every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means every little piece of metal is in two different places.
I think it's really wonderful. (Laughter) Yeah.
(Applause)
It was worth locking myself in a clean room for all those years because the distance between a single atom and a tiny piece of metal is almost the same as the distance between you and that piece of metal.
If a single atom can be found in two different places at the same time, it can be found in two different places in this little piece of metal, then why can't you be found?
This is just the sound of my logical side.
Imagine what that would be like if you could be in multiple places at the same time.
How would your consciousness control your body in the uncertain space?
There's one more piece of the story.
When we saturated it, when we turned the lights on, when we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And so I had to develop this new intuition, that all the objects in the elevator really do seem to cling to a tiny space, like quantum objects.
You've heard a lot of talks about how quantum mechanics is all interconnected.
Well, it's not exactly true; it's much more than that, and it's deep.
These connections, these connections to everything around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep, deep weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
(Applause)
This is Jessi, and this is my suitcase.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to admit something, room. I'm obsessed with clothes.
I love finding, dressing up and, at the moment, blogging, photographing all kinds of crazy outfits, all kinds of colorful outfits.
But I don't buy anything new.
I resell all of my clothes at second-hand and used convenience stores.
Ayy, thank you.
The secondhand shopping allows me to reduce the environmental footprint of my wallet and purse.
I meet wonderful people from all walks of life; my money often goes in a good place; I look very different; and it makes shopping like my own personal treasure hunt.
What am I going to find today? "
Will it be in my body? Will I like the color? Will it be under $20?
If all the answers are yes, I feel like I won.
I want to go back to my boss and show you what I've prepared for this exciting week here at TED.
Who brings all these clothes with them?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I brought seven pairs of socks, and that's it.
I literally put a week's worth of underwear in my suitcase, and that's it.
I bet I'll find everything I can want to wear when I get to Palm Springs.
And before you knew it, I was a woman walking around TED in her underwear — (Laughter) which means I found a few things.
And now I'd like to show you my week-end worth of outfits.
Does that sound good? (Applause) And while I'm doing that, I'm going to tell you a few life lessons, and believe it or not, none of these are new to me.
Let's start on Sunday. I call it the bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look great.
You can almost always look spectacular for under 50 dollars.
This whole outfit, including the skirt, cost me 55 dollars, and it was the most expensive item of my entire week.
Monday: Color should be strong.
If you're wearing bright red pants, it's almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood. (Laughter) If you're happy, you will attract other happy people to you.
Tuesday: Fitting apparel is being overstated.
I've spent a lot of my life trying to be myself, but also to fit in.
Just be who you are.
If you're surrounded by the right people, they will not only understand it, they will appreciate it.
Wednesday: Embrace the child inside you.
Sometimes people tell me that you're playing more games than dressing, or I remind them of their seven-year-old self.
I love to laugh and say, "Thank you."
Thursday: the most important is self-confidence.
If you think you're good at something, you're certainly so. And if you think you're not good at something, you're probably right.
I grew up with a mother who said, "You're inside today and you're outside today."
But I only understood what that meant when I was 30 years old.
And I'm just going to break this down for a second.
If you believe that you are a beautiful person inside and outside, there is no one to look away from.
So we have no excuse here for this audience.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Friday: a universal truth — five words for you: wear gold jewelry everywhere.
And finally, Saturday: A great way to develop your own unique personal style is to tell the world something about you without using a single word.
I've proven over and over again this week that it's only because of what I'm wearing that people come to me, and we've had some great conversations.
It's obvious that things aren't going to fit my little suitcase.
Before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to forgive you.
Because what I'm trying to teach myself this week is to let go when that's over.
I don't have to feel emotionally attached to these clothes, because I'm always waiting for one crazy, colorful, shiny outfit in every corner if I put some love in my heart.
Thank you very much.
(Applause)
Thank you.
So in 2007, I decided that we needed to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be to make sure that every family has a choice between at least a handful of different cities that they're all competing to attract new residents to, when they think about where they want to live and work.
Now we're very, very far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries and not a single city is ready to open its doors to them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that their value is so much more than the cost of building them.
So we could easily bring dozens, perhaps hundreds of new cities into the world.
Now, if you haven't thought about new cities, this may sound like a bit of a nonsense to you.
But just put cities in the place of apartment buildings.
Imagine half the people who want to live in apartments have one apartment; the other half don't.
You can try to expand the capacity by adding all the existing apartments.
But here's the thing: those apartments and the spaces surrounding them have rules that prevent unrest and distractions from happening because of the construction.
So making all those bricks is extremely difficult.
But you can go to a brand new place, you can build a brand new apartment, and only if the rules there make it easier to build than to have to deal with it.
I proposed that governments create new reform zones large enough to house cities, and I called them pilot cities.
I later learned that at about this time, Javier and Octavio were thinking about the challenges of reform in Honduras.
They knew that about 75,000 Hondurans every year would leave to go to the U.S., and they wanted to ask them what they could do to make sure that they stayed and did the same things in Honduras.
At one point, Javier said to Octavio, "If we take a piece of our empty land and we give it to an embassy, some of it to the U.S. Embassy, some of it to the Canadian Embassy, and then if people want to work under the laws of Canada or the laws of the U.S., they can go there and find jobs, they can do anything they want in those embassy lands without having to go to Canada or the U.S.?"
In the summer of 2009, Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next ordinary election, Pepe Lobo won a platform that promised reform, but also compromise.
He asked Octavio to be CEO.
At the time, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
After a process of editing, trial and error, many user tests, I tried to reduce this complex concept of a city pilot to basic features.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't come and interrupt all the existing tenants.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but making progress requires technology and rules, and often rules that hold us back.
In the fall of 2010, a friend from Guatemala sent Octavio a link to the TEDTalk.
They said, "Let's present this to the leaders of our country." So in December, we met in a hotel conference room in Miami.
I tried to explain how much more valuable cities are than the cost of them.
And I used a slide showing just how valuable unprocessed land is in a place like New York City: notice, land that in some cases is thousands of dollars a square meter.
But it was a very abstract discussion, and for a moment there was silence, and Octovio said, "Paul, maybe we can watch your TED Talk."
(Laughs)
So the TED Talk described it in very simple terms, starting with a charter of the pilot city, an uninhabited territory, a charter of rules that would apply there, and then a chance for people to live under those rules and choose not to live there.
I was invited by the president of Honduras, who said that we needed this project, this is important, this is the way forward for our country.
I was invited to come to Tegucigalpa and speak again on January fourth and fifth.
I gave another talk that included a slide like this, filled with information, and tried to say, if you want to make a city great, it has to be great.
This is a picture of Denver, and the mainframe is a new airport that was built in Denver.
This airport alone occupies more than 100 square meters.
I was trying to convince the Hondurans that if you're going to build a new city, you have to start with at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 250,000 square feet. Everybody applauded politely. The audience's faces were very serious, and everybody listened very carefully.
The leader of Congress came onstage and he said, "Professor Romer, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we can watch your TEDTalk.
I have it here on my computer. "So I sat down, and they played my TED Talk.
And fundamentally, a new city can offer new choices for people.
In the north, instead of being hundreds of kilometers away, he would have the choice to go to a city that would be in Honduras.
And it included new options for leaders.
Because here in Honduras, the heads of state would need the help of the partner countries, and they would take advantage of the partner countries to help define the rules in this charter and the rules in practice, so that everybody could trust that the charter would actually be implemented.
President Lobo's understanding was that that practical assurance, which I think is a way for foreign investors to come in and build the city, was similarly important for all the different parties in Honduras that had suffered for years from fear and mistrust.
We went to a place and we looked at it.
This picture was taken there.
It could be, of course, a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after, on January 19th, they voted in Congress to amend their constitution to have jurisdiction over a constitution that would allow special development zones.
In a country that recently went through this heartbreaking crisis, the number of people who voted in favor of this constitutional amendment in Congress was 124.
All the parties, all the sections of society, supported it.
In order to be a part of the Constitution, you actually have to pass it twice in Congress.
On February 17th, they passed it again by 114 votes.
Immediately after that vote, on February 21st and 24th, a group of about 30 Honduran delegates went to two of the most desirable places in the world for urban construction: one in South Korea. This is a picture of a new, big city center being built in South Korea — bigger than the city center of Boston.
Everything you see here was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permits.
Another place that's very interested in urban development is Singapore.
In China, they've actually already built two cities, and they're getting ready for the third.
So if you think about this in terms of practicality, this is where we are.
They have a space; they're already thinking about using this space for a second city.
They're replacing an outer legal system with a legal system allowing the governors to come in.
A country has already committed itself to becoming its supreme court, the ultimate appeals court, for its new legal system.
There are urban designers and builders who are very ambitious.
They can even bring some investment with them.
But one thing you know they've figured out already is that there's a lot of tenants.
There are a lot of companies in the U.S. that want to be in a space that is a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people that want to go there.
There are 700 million people around the world right now saying they want to move permanently somewhere else.
There's a million people a year who leave Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are fathers leaving their family behind to go into a job — sometimes a single mother who has to earn enough money to even buy food or clothes.
Unfortunately, in some cases, there are even children who are trying to reunite with a family they haven't seen in decades.
So what kind of an idea is it to think about building a brand new city in Honduras?
Or building dozens or even hundreds of them around the world?
What kind of an idea is it that every family would have a few city options that competed to attract new residents?
It's an idea worth spreading.
And my Honduran friends asked me to thank you, TED.
(Applause)
I want you to imagine two couples in the middle of 1979 having babies on the same day and at the same time in both pairs — OK.
Each of these two pairs makes a baby.
I don't want you to dream too much about just doing the baby, because if you spend a lot of time imagining that part, you won't listen to me. Now just imagine that moment.
And in this scenario, and I want you to imagine that in this one instance, the sperm is carrying the Y chromosome, it's merging with the X chromosome of the egg. And in the other instance, the sperm is carrying the X chromosome, it's merging with the X chromosome of the egg.
They're both alive; they're on their way.
We're going to go back to these people.
I usually wear two hats in the work that I do.
In one of these hats, I'm doing anatomy history.
I'm a trained historian, and my work in this field involves how people are interested in anatomy — I mean, the bodies of people and animals — how they're interested in looking at the body fluids, the concepts of bodies, how they think about bodies.
The other hat that I wear in my work as an activist, as a patient advocate — or, as I say sometimes, as an impatient advocate — I wear for people who have patients.
In these cases, the type of body type of the people I work with challenges social norms.
So some of the people I work with, for example, are structured twins, two people in a single body, and some of the people I work with are dwarfs — people who are shorter than average in height.
And a lot of the people that I work with are people of atypical gender — people who don't have the standard man or the standard woman.
We use the term "gender" as a general term for this.
There are many different forms of intercourse.
I'll just give you a few examples of gender that don't quite meet the standards of men or women.
On one of them, you have somebody based on the XY chromosome, and on the Y chromosome, you have the gene SRY, which tells the proto-mammalia, which we all have in our bodies when they're in dengue, to become testicular.
And so as they're developing, the test subjects are starting to pump in testosterone, but the lack of these individual receptors is depriving the body of this testosterone response.
And this syndrome is called synchromatic angiogenesis.
There are many levels of testosterone, but none of them are responsive.
So the body tends to be more feminine.
When the baby's born, she gives birth to the girl.
She's a girl, and she's raised like a girl, and she goes through puberty, and she grows up, and her breasts grow, but she doesn't have menstruation, so somebody has to figure out what's going on. And then there's testing to find out, and instead of having ovaries in her body and a uterus, she's got testicles in her body and she's got a Y chromosome.
Now the important thing to understand is that you can think of these guys as men, but they're not men.
Women, like men, we have these structures in our bodies called myocytes. They're on the back side of our bodies. And myocytes produce the hormones, the hormones for malehood.
A lot of women like me — I consider myself a typical woman — I don't know my own chromosome, but I think I'm probably a typical woman — a lot of women like me are actually allergic to the hormones.
So we're generating and we're responding to the hydrogen.
So it turns out that someone like me has a more androgenetic brain than women with testicular-born androgenic dementia.
In short, the sex work is really messy, and there's not just intersex people in this entire spectrum of sex, there are other kinds of gender stereotypes as well.
Another example is I was approached a couple of years ago by a 19-year-old male who was born as a male, raised as a male, had a girlfriend, had sex with a girlfriend, had a life as a male and had recently learned that he had ovaries and a uterus, but had a condition that was very extreme and was called congenital renal failure.
She had the XX chromosome, and when she was a mother-in-law, her peripheral veins were working so hard, and that created a male-like hormone environment, and as a result, her genitals became male-like, and she had more male-like hormones in the brain. And she looked like a male when she was born — no one was harmed. And this continued until she was 19, but then she started to have some medical problems, and she was in a state of hysteria, and the doctors attributed that to her because she was
Okay, so I'm going to move on to another example that might be of interest to you, and that is that some of the people with the XX chromosome develop ovaries, which means that you have a cervical tissue and it's surrounded by cervical tissue.
We don't really understand why this is happening.
In short, there are many different kinds of gender.
Whether it's with childhood, or structured twins, or inter-gender, these children are often brought back to normal through surgery, which is not necessarily a medical requirement, but they feel psychologically better.
In many cases, these people are very healthy.
The reason they go into these sting operations is because they threaten our social cathogories.
Or the system is mainly based on the idea that certain anatomies come with certain identities.
We have a concept of what it means to be a woman in order to have a feminine identity, allegedly because you have to have an African anatomy in your genes in order to be black.
We have a very, very simple idea.
And when we're confronted with a body, it tells us something very different, it makes us afraid of that cacophony.
So our culture has very romantic ideas about the individual.
And it's actually based on a very romantic idea of individuality in our country.
You can imagine how it started when your two-year-olds were born.
I recently joined the conversation about the gender of Caster Semenya, a South African runner, at the International Races in Berlin last year.
A lot of journalists called me and asked me what kind of tests would be done to find out if Caster Semenya was a man or a woman, and I had to explain to journalists that it wasn't a test.
We now know, in fact, that gender itself is complex enough, and we have to accept that nature doesn't draw a line between us as men and women, either between men and gender, or between women and gender.
Now we've come to the point where, as science advances, we have to admit to ourselves that those categories that we think of as static anatomy cathogories and that we simply map and make static identity cathogories are much more complex than we think.
And it's not just about gender.
It's also about race, which is a lot more complicated than we've allowed our terminology to be.
The more we explore, the more uncomfortable the space becomes.
95 percent of our DNA, for example, is the same as a chimpanzee.
Is it just a few nucleotides that makes us different from them?
As we analyze and advance in science, we're moving to a much more uncomfortable point where we have to accept the fact that categories we've simply constructed are constructed a little bit too simply.
And we see this in every area of human life.
Another example of this that we see in America today, in our culture, is the debate about the beginning of life and the end of life.
We have different opinions about when the body decides to be human and when the body decides not to be human.
Nowadays, we're discussing very difficult issues, like when someone dies — probably not as explicitly as in medicine.
In the past, when our ancestors died, they didn't really bother so much with this question.
They would often put feathers under the person's nose, and if the feathers were trembling, they wouldn't blow it. They would die in excruciating detail. But today, we have to take human vital organs and give them to other people.
And so we've been dealing with this very difficult question of who is dead.
And this gets us to some more difficult places than simple categories that we've done before.
Now, many of you may think that these distorted categories make someone like me happy.
I'm a political innovator, defending people who are not normal in their bodies, but I have to admit, even that worries me.
I'm troubled that these categories are so much more divergent than we think.
And it makes me nervous from the point of view of democracy.
In order to tell you about all of this tension, I first of all have to tell you that I'm a big fan of the founders of America.
I know they were racist and they discriminated against women, but they were amazing.
So they were very brave and very determined, and what they did was very radical, and that's why every few years, I watch a piece of "1776," not just because it's so easy to forget.
What happened in 1776 with the founders of America?
In my opinion, the founders of America were original anatomical activists, which is why.
What they rejected was an anatomical notion, and they replaced it with something else, and this beautiful radicalization has held us for 200 years.
As you all remember, the concept that our founders rejected was the monarchy, and the monarchy was based on a very simple concept of anatomy.
The kings of the ancient world were unaware of the concept of DNA, but they had the concept of birthright. They had the concept of Aristocrats. They had the idea that people who could be in political power should have that power because of the political power that comes from the blood of the father and the blood of the future.
Our founders rejected this notion, and they replaced it with another anatomical notion, and that was that all people are created equal, and they balanced the playing field and decided that what matters is anatomy, not differences, but similarities, and that was a very radical move.
Now they were part of that, because they were part of the Enlightenment, where the two things grew together.
And as democracy was rising on the one hand, science was also rising on the other.
And it's clear, if you look at the history of our founders, that many of them were interested in science, and they were interested in the concept of the natural world.
They were moving away from supernatural explanations, and they were rejecting concepts such as uncertain supernatural power at birth.
He moved on to a more naturalistic concept.
If you look at the Declaration of Independence, for example, they talk about nature and the deity of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
So part of this was, they brought this concept to us about anatomical similarities, and they did this in a very beautiful way that would guide future human rights movements.
They didn't think it was going to be this way, but they did it for us, and it's pretty spectacular.
So what happened years later?
So for example, what happened to the woman who wanted to have a vote, the anatomical similarities were more important to our founders than the anatomical differences, and she said, "The fact that we have breasts and ovaries doesn't make any difference to whether we have voting rights or not, doesn't exactly make a difference to whether we have citizenship rights or property rights, etc." And the women argued very, very skillfully.
Then came the successful Human Rights movement, and we found people like Sojourner Truth who said, "I'm not a woman." And we found men who walked in front of the Human Rights movement and said, "I'm a man." Again, people's colors triumphantly triumphed over anatomical similarity, rather than anomalous difference.
We've seen the same thing with the rights movements.
The problem with this is that as we began to see these similarities, we began to question why we made these distinctions.
Now notice, I want you to make certain anatomical distinctions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish its due to a man.
I don't mean that we've given up on anatomy altogether.
I don't want to give five-year-olds sexuality or marriage rights.
There are certain anatomical divisions, like your fingernail, that make sense to me and that we should follow.
But the challenge here is to figure out which ones we should stick with, and why, and what their meaning is.
So let's go back to those two couples who gave that baby at the beginning of my talk.
We have two couples, both of whom gave birth on exactly the same day in the middle of 1976.
So one of them, Mary, was born three months early, so she was born on January 1, 1980.
Henry, on the other hand, was born precisely on April 1, 1980.
Mary was born premature three months ago, so she has all of the rights that Henry had three months before — the right to vote on sexuality, the right to drink alcohol.
For all this, Henry had to wait, not because he was a different age biologically, but because of when he was born.
We also found other anomalies about what their rights were.
Henry, because he's a man — I haven't even told you that he's XY yet — Henry is a man who's in charge of military service, which is something that Marry shouldn't worry about.
Mary, by the way, doesn't have all the rights that Henry had in all the states.
As you can see, we still have very problematic and questionable anatomical categories in many ways.
And I'm obsessed with the question, "What are we going to do?" As we make our progress on anatomy so far, are we going to have to accept that we're coming to a point where democracy based on anatomy is falling apart?
Where are we going to go? What happens in our culture seems to be a sort of pragmatic attitude: "Okay, we've got to draw these lines, then we're going to pull these lines." But a lot of people are confronted with strange situations.
At some point, for example, Texas decided that you don't have to have the Y chromosome to marry a man, and you have to have the Y chromosome to marry a woman.
They don't actually test people's chromosomes, but it's very strange because of the Androgen Deficit Syndrome that I told you about at the beginning.
If we look at the founders of modern democracy, the founders of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his "I have a dream" speech, offers a solution.
He tells us to judge people based on their skin color, to go further than anatomy, to judge people based on their personality. And I'm like, "Oh, that sounds like a really good idea." But how do you do that in practice?
How do you judge people based on the content of their characters?
I also want to emphasize that I'm not quite sure how we should be allocating rights to people, because I have to admit that some of the golden retriever dogs I know deserve far more social services than some people do.
In fact, I think some of the yellow labradors I know make much more intelligent, mature decisions about sexual intercourse than the 40-year-olds I know.
So how do we make the content of the character work?
It seems like a very difficult task.
And I wonder whether the content of the character will be able to be imaged in the future — can we see it in MRI, for example?
Do we really want to move forward to this point?
I'm not sure where we're going.
What I do know is that the question of thinking about the democracy that America leads is very important.
We've done a lot of good in the fight for democracy, and I think we're going to do a lot of good in the future.
We don't have a situation like in Iran, where a man is allowed to live if he wants to sexually please another man, but only if he agrees to change his gender, otherwise he will be executed.
We don't have that. I'm happy to say that we don't have situations like that — I spoke to a surgeon a few years ago who had separated his fraternal twins just to make himself a name.
But as we were talking on the phone, I asked him — I asked him why he had to do such a risky operation, and the answer was that he had to do it because these children were being mistreated so badly in his country.
And my answer is, "Have you considered the option of political asylum rather than the option of amputation?" Well, America offers people tremendous opportunities by allowing them to live as they currently do, without altering their lives at the expense of America.
So I think we need to be in the leadership.
So before I finish, I would like to propose to you that I've been talking a lot about our founders, and I would like to ask you to think about the possibilities of what democracy might be like, or what it might be like, if we engage our mothers in this work.
And I want to tell you something that's going to be a little bit radical for a feminist, which is that I believe that archaic views can emerge when there are different kinds of anatomy, especially among groups of people who are thinking.
Now, I've been interested in gender issues for many years, but I'm also interested in gender-change research, and I'm particularly interested in the differences between men and women in how they think and see the world.
And we know from comparative cultural studies that women, on average — not all of them, on average — are more likely to be careful in relation to complex social relationships and are much more vulnerable in relation to human relationships within a group.
So if we think about it, we have a very interesting situation.
Many years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my mentors, who knew I was interested in my feminism — I used to think of myself as a feminist, and I still am — asked me a very strange question.
He said, "Tell me what is femininity in feminism."
And I thought, "That's the stupidest question I've ever heard in my life."
There's something about feminism. "But as I thought about her question, I began to think that there might be something feminine about feminism. So let's say that there's something about it, that the female brain, on average, is different from the male brain, which makes us more careful in complex social relationships and more attentive to those who are defenseless.
But our founders were very conscious about protecting individuals in America, and if we could involve more mothers, we would have a lot more in our hands than just a concept of how to protect, but how to take care of each other.
This is perhaps where we need to go in the future, when we move beyond the anatomy of democracy — when we think less about the bodies of individuals for identity and more about relationships.
So when we humans try to create greater unity, we think about what we can do for each other.
Thank you.
(Applause)
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I try to convey that people are not separate from nature, and that everything is connected to everything else.
When I went to Antarctica for the first time 10 years ago, I saw the icebergs for the first time. I was blown away.
The icebergs around me had an altitude of about 60 meters above sea level.
And I couldn't help but wonder how, over the years, they've come to be one snowflake upon a snowflake.
Mountains are formed by breaking or tearing off glaciers or ice shelves.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of communicating with their jaws and their tail.
Some refuse to give up, and hold on to their bitter end, while others can't take it anymore and suffer a dramatic meltdown of passion.
When you look at an iceberg, it's easy to assume that they're isolated, that they're separate and alone, in the same way that we humans view ourselves.
But the truth is far from it.
As I'm melting a glacier, I'm drawing into its ancient atmosphere.
And as it melts the ice she lets out a mineral-rich fresh water that nourishes many species.
When I'm photographing these glaciers as if they're portraits of my former family members, I'm photographing them in such a way that I know that they will never exist, as they currently do.
When they die, it's not a death, it's not an end, but a continuation of their journey through life.
Some of the glaciers I photograph are very young — a couple thousand years old.
And some of them are as much as 100,000 years old.
The last few pictures I'm going to show you are of a glacier I photographed in Greenland, called Kekertsuatsiak.
It's very rare to see a mountain of ice fall. And there it is. You can see it on the left side of this little boat.
This is about a 15-foot boat.
And I want to draw your attention to the shape of the iceberg as it approaches the water.
As you can see, as it began to sink, the boat capsized, and the man is standing there.
This is the average size of a Greenlandic iceberg.
It's about 120 feet, or 40 meters, above the water.
And this video was taken in real time.
(Music)
And so here, a glacier is showing you another side of its personality.
Thank you.
You know, I write for children, and I'm probably the most widely read children's book author in America.
And I always say I don't want to stand in front of people like a scientist.
I can come in with the look or the skin of a farmer, and no one has ever chose the farmer.
I'm going to talk to you today about understanding circles and the secrets of things.
You know, we know the secret of something when we leave it in a place and we move on a block.
Here's a picture of a circle that a friend of mine, Richard Bollingbroke, did.
It's a complicated circle of the kind I'm going to talk about today.
My circle began in high school in Stow, Ohio in the '60s. I was a troublemaker in class. I was the kid who was beaten in the men's room every single week, until a teacher saved my life.
He saved my life by allowing me to use the bathroom in the teachers' lounge.
For three years, he did this undercover, and I had to flee that city.
I had a thumb, I had 85 dollars, and I went to San Francisco, California — I found a lover — and — in the '80s, I heard that I needed to work for an AIDS organization.
Two or three years ago, I got a phone call in the middle of the night from that teacher, Ms. Posten, saying, "I've got to see you, and I'm disappointed that we don't know each other as adults. Please come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
I have to tell you I have pancreatic cancer, and please raise your hand high. "
The next day we were in Cleveland.
We looked at her, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be kept in an orphanage.
We found one, we got it there, we took care of it and the family, because it was necessary, it was something we knew how to do.
And when the woman who wanted to know me as an adult finally knew me, a box became ash, and it landed in my hands.
What had happened was the circle had closed, it had become a circle — and as I mentioned before, I had solved the mystery.
The secret is that death is a part of life.
He saved my life, and so did I and my partner.
And you know, that part of life needs what the other part of life does.
He wants truth and beauty, and I'm so glad that this is talked about a lot here.
And it's our job to give them to others.
Thank you.
(Applause)
If you had a typewriter in communist East Germany in the 1980s, you had to file it with the government.
You had to record an example of text that was written in a notebook.
And that's what the government did to try to find the source of the writing.
When they found a piece of paper that contained the wrong idea, they tracked down the idea and put it out there.
And we don't understand how one can do that in the West, how one can curtail freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our own countries.
But today in 2011, if you bought a color laser printer from a leading manufacturer of laser printers, and you printed out a sheet of paper, there would be dotted yellow dots on the sheet of paper with a particular shape arrangement that suggested it belonged to you and your printer.
This is what's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to care.
And this is an example of one of the ways in which our governments are using technology against us, against citizens.
And that's one of the three main sources of the problems of our time online.
If we really look at what's happening in the online world, we can classify attacks based on who's the attacker.
We have three main groups. We have cybercriminals. Like here, Mr. Dimitry Golubov from Kiev, Ukraine.
And it's not that hard to understand the reasons why online criminals are going to commit crimes.
These guys are making money.
They're using cyberattacks to make way, way, way more money.
In fact, there are a lot of lawsuits of billionaires, multi-billionaires, who have made money from cyberattacks.
This is Vladimir Tsantsin from Tartu, Estonia. This is Alfred Gonzalez. This is Stephen Watt. This is Bjorn Sundin. This is Matthew Anderson, Tariq Al-Daour and so on.
These guys are making their fortunes online, but they're doing it illegally, and they're using things like banking virus to steal money from our bank accounts while we're doing online transactions, or they're using a key ID to get our credit card details while we're shopping online with a virus-enabled computer.
The U.S. intelligence service, two months ago, froze Mr. Sam Jain's Swiss bank account here, and when it froze, it had 14.9 million dollars in that bank account.
Mr. Jain is a fugitive; nobody knows where he is.
And I would argue that even today, any one of us is more likely to be a victim of crime online than in the real world.
And it's clear that it's getting worse.
In the future, a lot of crime will be online.
It's not money that's going to criminalize the second largest group of attackers that we see every day.
Their reason is something else — their reason is protest, their reason is an idea, their reason is laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have grown in size over the past 12 months and are now number one among attackers online.
So these are the three main attackers: money launderers, protesters like Anonymous, Internet pirates, but the last group are the nation-states, the governments, that are doing these attacks.
And we're looking at cases like the one that happened with DigiNotar.
This is the best example of what happens when a government attacks its own citizens.
DigitalNotar is a Dutch certification agency — or rather, it was — they were going bankrupt last fall because they had been attacked.
Someone had gotten in their system and infected them completely.
And I asked the representatives of the Dutch government at a meeting last week if they thought it was credible that people were dying because of the attack on DigiNotar, and they said yes.
So how on earth do people die in a situation like this?
They're selling certificates. What do you do with certificates? You need a certificate if you have secured-enabled websites, SSL-enabled servers like Gmail.
Now all of us, or most of us, use Gmail, or one of our competitors, but these servers are also popular in totalitarian states, especially in Iran, where dissidents use foreigners' servers like Gmail, because they know that they're more reliable than the local servers, and they're encrypted through SSL connections, so they can't snuff out local government conversations.
But if they attack a foreign intelligence agency and they print fake certificates, they can.
And that's exactly what happened in the DigiNotar case.
What about the Arab Spring and what happened, for example, in Egypt?
In Egypt, in April of 2011, rebels looted the Egyptian secret police headquarters, and they found a lot of documents while they looted the building.
Amongst those documents was a file called "FINFISHER," and within that file were the notes of a company based in Germany, and these were a toolkit that was sold to the Egyptian government to prevent — and to a very large extent — all the communications of the citizens of the country.
They sold it to the Egyptian government for 280,000 euros.
The headquarters for the company are right there.
So Western governments are providing these tools to totalitarian states to use against their own citizens.
But Western governments are doing it to themselves.
For example, in Germany, a few weeks ago, there was a Trojan Horse virus called so-called "Skinst," which is a virus used by German government officials to spy on their own citizens.
If you're suspicious of a public hearing, we know your phone will ring.
But today, it's more than that.
They'll follow your Internet connection.
They're even going to use tools called the "Skinst Trojan" to hack into your computer, which will allow them to monitor all your communications, listen to your online conversations and steal your passwords.
Now, when we think about this stuff seriously, the obvious response we should get from people is, "Well, it sounds bad, but it doesn't affect me, because I'm a law-abiding citizen. Why should I worry? Because I don't have anything to hide." And that's a pointless argument.
It's not a question of privacy versus security.
It's a question of freedom versus control.
And while we can count on our governments in 2011, every single right that we've ceded may be taken away from us forever.
And do we trust a future government, a government that we will have 50 years from now, blindly?
So those are the questions we should be worried about in the next 50 years.
Do you know how many choices you make in a typical day?
How many choices did you make in a typical week?
I recently conducted a study with over 2,000 Americans, and the average number of choices is about 70 on a typical day for a typical American.
There's another recent study with CEOs in which they tracked developments around the CEOs for an entire week, and these scientists basically tracked all the tasks that the CEOs were engaged in and tracked the amount of time that they spent deciding on tasks.
They found that the average CEO engages in about 139 tasks in a week.
Each task, of course, consisted of multiple sub-elections. Fifty percent of the decisions were made in nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more.
Think about your own choices.
How many of your choices go into the nine-minute category, or the one-hour category?
What do you think you're doing when you're making these choices?
I'd like to talk today about one of the biggest problems we have in modern life, and that is the problem of too many options.
I want to talk about this problem and the possible solutions.
So when I talk about the problem, I'm going to have questions for you, and I'm going to want to know your answers.
So, when I ask you a question, because I'm blind, you can raise your hand just to exercise. (Laughter) Or, when I ask you a question, I'm going to ask you to clap your hands if your answer is yes.
My first question is: Are you ready to talk about the problem of too many choices? (Applause) Thank you.
When I was a graduate student at Stanford University, I used to go to a very fancy supermarket, which at least in those days was a very luxurious place.
It was a store called Draeger's.
Going to this store was like going to an amusement park.
There were 250 different kinds of mustards and vinegars, over 500 kinds of fruits and vegetables, over 25 kinds of bottled water — and we were drinking it instantaneously at that time.
I used to love going to this store, and I asked myself once, how come I keep coming back without buying anything?
This was an olive oil reef, and there were over 75 varieties of olive oil, including those from a thousand-year-old forest that was sold in a sealed container.
One day, I decided to visit the store manager and ask him, "Does it really work to give people so many options?" He pointed to the busload of tourists arriving every day with their cameras in their hands.
So we decided to do a little experiment, and we picked resins for it. This is resins. There are 348 kinds of resins.
For tasting, we set up a small booth near the entrance to the store.
We put in six or 24 different flavors of resilin, and we observed two things.
The first is, in what situation do people stop and take the pill more?
When there were 24 flavors, more people stopped, about 60 percent of the people who came stopped, and when there were six flavors, about 40 percent of the people who came stopped.
The other thing we looked at is, under what circumstances are more people buying prescriptions?
Then we see the complete opposite effect.
Of the 24 flavors, only three percent bought a prescription.
Thirty percent of the people that were sitting there had a jar of pills.
If you do the math, it turns out that six times as many people buy prescriptions when they're offered not 24 flavors of pills.
Choosing not to take prescriptions is probably a good choice — at least for the thinness of our belts — but it turns out that too many of these choices also influence decisions that have significant consequences.
We choose not to choose, even at our peril.
Let's get to where we are today. I'm going to summarize a study that we did with our financial institutions, Gur Huberman, Emir Kamenica and Wei Jang.
We looked at the total number of retirement choices that about a million Americans make in the United States, about 650 plans, and we looked at whether people are saving more or less for retirement as the number of funds available on a particular retirement program, a 401 (k) plan, increases.
What we find is that they do indeed correlate.
The 657 plan that we had offered people between two and 59 different fund options.
What we've seen is that when you give people more funding options, participation is reduced.
If you look at the most extreme cases, the plan with the two fund options, participation is 70 percent — which is not as high as we would like.
In plans that have about 60 fund options, participation goes down to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you've decided to participate, even if there are more options available, even then, there are negative consequences.
In the case of people who opt in, the more options there are, the more people are excluding equity and equity funds altogether.
The more choices there were, the more they were able to withdraw their money altogether and deposit it in bank accounts.
None of these extreme choices are the kinds of choices that any of us would recommend for improving our future financial well-being.
In the last decade, we've seen three main negative consequences of offering people more and more options. People procrastinate — they procrastinate even when it goes against their best self-interest.
They make worse choices — worse financial choices, medical choices.
Even when they make objectively better choices, they make less self-fulfilling choices.
The main reason is this: we may love to see giant stalls full of marinade, vinegar, vinegar, pharmaceuticals, but we can't do the comparative math on them, and we can't go to those spectacular shelves and buy anything.
So what I want to suggest to you today are four simple techniques — we've tried them in a variety of different research settings — that you can apply easily to your own work.
The first one is: minimize. You've heard this before, but it's never been more meaningful, "less is better." When I say "minimize," people always get upset.
They're worried about losing their shelf life.
But what we actually see is that when you choose to narrow it down, you get rid of the redundancy, you get rid of the unnecessary, the sales go up, the costs go down, and the choices that are made get better.
When Proctor & amp; Gamble decided to market 15 different Head & amp; Shoulders products instead of 26, sales grew by 10 percent.
Golden Cat Corporation saw an 87 percent increase in profits when they stopped selling the 10 lowest-selling cat litter products, and their sales went up and their costs went down.
Today, a supermarket offers you on average 45,000 products.
A typical Walmart today offers you 100,000 products.
But today, the world's ninth largest supplier is Aldi, and it offers only 1,400 products — only one type of saliva.
One of the best examples we've seen recently of financial savings is David Laibson, who used the program at Harvard to focus on how to best organize options.
Every Harvard worker now automatically enrolls in a lifetime fund.
For those who want to make choices themselves, there are 20 choices, 300 or more.
You know, people say, "I don't know how to reduce it, it's all very important.
If your employees can't tell them apart, your consumers can't. "
So the afternoon, before we started this session, we had a chat with Gary.
I want you to read it. I'll give you a couple seconds to read it out, and then if you agree with Gary's recommendation, clap. (Weak clap) So who agrees?
So that's it? Okay, let me show you a little bit more. (Laughter) You know number one? (Honking) Now, who wants to go on this trip? (Applause) (Laughter) I think I heard a lot more applause this time.
OK. Now, you actually had more information objectively the first time than the second time, but my prediction is that the second time you got real, because the images made you feel it was more real.
So this brings me to my second technique of dealing with a lot of choice problems, which is embodiment. In order for people to understand the differences between options, they need to understand the consequences of each choice, and they need to see how each outcome feels in a vivid, tangible way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more when they're using credit cards or ATMs instead of cash?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
So, embodiment can actually be an effective way to get people to save more.
We did a study with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandro Previtero at ING — they're all employees at ING — who are registering for a 401 (k) plan in one session.
We kept everything the same for this session, just adding one thing.
What we added was, we asked people to think about all the good things that would happen in their life if they accumulated money.
By doing this simple thing, we raised participation by 20 percent, and participants were willing to invest four percent more in their accounts.
Third technique: break it down into categories.
We're much better at categories instead of choices.
So here's a study we did in magazine reprints.
In the northwest corner of the supermarket, the Wegmans, the magazine receipt is 331 to 664 magazines.
But you know what's happening?
When I'm comparing 600 magazines into 10 categories or 400 magazines into 20 categories, instead of 600, 400 magazines seems like a far better choice, a better choice.
Because the categories tell me how to separate them.
Here are two different images of jewels.
One is called Jazz, the other one is called Swing.
If on the left you call it Swing, and on the right you call it Jazz. (Weak applause) Okay, a few.
If you say Jazz on the left, Swing on the right — clap.
Well, a little bit more. You're right. The Jazz on the left, the Swing on the right. But you know what? It's such an unnecessary categorization. (Laughter)
My fourth technique: preparing for adversity.
Well, it turns out it's a lot more information than we think, just by taking a little bit of weight.
We need to scale up the challenges.
Let me give you an example of why.
Let's consider a very complicated choice: making a call.
Here's a manufacturer of semiconductors that's offering you the opportunity to customize your car.
You create your own car by making 60 different choices.
In each of these decisions, the number of options that are presented to you is different.
You have 56 options: the color of the car, the color of the exterior.
Engine, gear — four options.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to change the order in which these decisions are made.
Half of the customers are going to pick one of the 56 colors and then another one of the four.
The other half of the customers go from low choice to high choice, from four gears to 56 colors.
What am I looking at? How interested you are.
If you're checking the default option all the time, it means that you're tired, it means that I'm losing you.
What you find is that when you move from too many choices to few choices, people keep picking the default option. We lose them. When you move from too many choices to few choices, attention doesn't diverge.
Same information, same number of options.
All I'm doing is changing the order in which information is presented.
If you start easy, you learn to decide.
Choosing a viscer doesn't tell me how I want the interior design of the car, but it prepares me to choose.
I'm excited about this big product that I've created, and I'm eager to keep my interest.
To summarize, I've described four techniques for solving the problem of too many choices — diminish — take unnecessary choices; make them tangible — make them feel real; divide them into categories — easier to deal with categories than choices; and prepare for the challenge.
All these techniques that I'm describing today are designed to help you manage your options — better for you, you can use them yourself, better for your customers.
Because I think in order to get the best out of an election, you have to be selective in your choices.
When we are selective in our choices, we will be more successful in the art of choosing.
Thank you very much.
(Applause)
I think we need to do something about something that has to change in the culture of medicine.
And I think it has to start with a doctor, and it's me.
And while I'm doing that, maybe because I've been doing this for a long time, I can let go of some of my prestige mistakes.
Before I get to the main topic of my talk, let's start with a little bit of baseball. Why not? We're almost at the end of the season, we're approaching the finals.
We all love baseball, don't we? (Laughter) We have some really striking statistics about baseball.
And there are hundreds of them. There's a book coming out called "Moneyball" about statistics and building a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on statistics, which I hope many of you have heard about.
It's called hit average.
So we're talking about a 300, the player has 300 hits.
That means the player has to hit three decimals during a shot.
So it's the furthest away from the field, where the ball falls without being caught by anybody else, and it's not sent at the right time to the right spot, and the batter gets to the right spot before the ball hits.
Three times out of 10.
Do you know what 300 baseball batters is in the NFL?
It's good, it's really good. It's even a star. Do you know what it's like when you hit 400?
That, by the way, is to achieve the goal four times out of every 10.
Famous — like Ted Williams, who was the last Major League Baseball player to hit more than 400 during the regular season.
So let's go back to my world of medicine, where I'm going to feel a little less comfortable when you think about me being so much more comfortable, or when you think about the talk I'm going to give to you.
Suppose you're a paraplegic and you've been referred to a surgeon, a surgeon who's done 400 target shootings on an amputation. (Laughter) Strangely enough, you can't accept that, right?
Now imagine that you live in a place where the bird flies by and the camel flies by, and your loved one who lives with you has blockages in two coronary arteries, and your family doctor prescribes a cardiologist with 200 stitches on his or her loved one's angioplasty.
But you know what's happening?
He's doing even better this year. He's putting himself back together. And he's hitting 257.
Strangely enough, that doesn't work either.
But I'm going to ask you a question.
What do you think of the average likelihood of a heart surgeon, or a C-section surgeon, or an orthopedist, or a gynecologist, an E.R. specialist?
1,000, very good.
Now the reality is that none of us in all of medicine know what it takes to be a good surgeon or a good midwife or an ambulance worker.
What we do is we fancy everybody out there, including me, and we want them to be perfect.
Never, ever make a mistake, but think about the details, how it might have happened.
And this is the message that I got when I was in medical school.
I was an obsessive compulsive student.
When I was in high school, a classmate of mine once said that Brian Goldman would work on a blood test. (Laughter) And that's what I did.
I worked in a small room on the top of a nurse's building at the Toronto State Hospital, not far from here.
And I memorized everything.
In my anatomy classes, I memorized the distinctive diagnosis and the beginning and the end of every joint, every vein and branch that emerged from the aorta.
I even learned how to classify renal tubular asymmetry and the detachable diagnosis.
And along with that, I was learning more and more.
And I succeeded, graduating with excellent degrees.
When I graduated from medical school, I had the impression that if I learned as much and mastered as I could, it would make me immune to mistakes.
And that seemed right for a while, until I met Mrs. Drucker.
I was here as an assistant at the Toronto Correctional Hospital, and Ms. Drucker was brought to the emergency room of the hospital where I was working.
I was in the cardiac unit at the time to do my rotation.
And my job was to see the patients in the emergency room when they were asked to provide cardiac information, and report that to my senior.
And I saw Mrs. Drucker, and she had no breath.
And when I listened to her, she had a rusty voice.
And when I listened to her chest through the stethoscope, I could hear a crackling sound on either side that made me think it was congestive heart failure.
In this case, because of the insufficiency, the heart is completely pumped out into the environment, and some of the blood will fall back into the lung, and the lungs will be filled with blood, and therefore you have respiratory failure.
And it's not difficult to diagnose this.
I gave her aspirin. I gave her medications to relieve her respiratory distress.
At one point, I gave them liquid shots, which are called diuretics, to let the liquid out.
And after about an hour and a half or two, he started to feel better.
And I felt really good about myself.
And that's when I made my first mistake; I sent him home.
In fact, I made two more mistakes.
I sent her home without my permission.
As I was supposed to, I didn't pick up the phone and call him and tell him about his condition so he could see and take care of himself.
And she knew the patient, so she could make better judgments about him.
I could have done it for good reasons.
Maybe I didn't want to be checked on.
Maybe I could be as successful as I am here and take responsibility and take care of his patients without even informing him.
The second mistake I made was even worse.
As I was sending him home, I didn't care for the whisper that was coming from me, saying, "Goldman, this is not a good idea, do it."
In fact, I must have felt so insecure about myself that I needed to ask the nurse, who was sitting behind Mrs. Drucker, "Isn't there something wrong with you going home?" And the nurse thought about it and she said, in keeping with the facts of the moment, "Yes, I think he's going to recover." I remember this as if it was yesterday.
So I signed the discharge papers, and an ambulance came, emergency room staff came to take him home.
And so I went back to my business.
For the remainder of the day, after that afternoon, I had a feeling that was breaking me.
But I carried on with my work.
And at the end of the day, I was ready to leave the hospital, so I picked up my car and I walked out to the parking lot to go home, which is something I usually don't do.
So I walked through the emergency room.
And there was another nurse, not the one who looked behind Mrs. Drucker, but the one who told me just three words that all the emergency doctors I know were too afraid to say.
It's kind of what you'd fear in any other field of medicine, but it had a distinctive property in emergency medicine, because we see patients very briefly.
And those three words were: Do you remember him? "Do you remember the patient you sent home?" And he asked me directly. "He came back," he said in the same tone.
He came back. He came back deadly.
After I sent him home, about an hour after he got home, he fainted and his family called 911, and the ambulance people brought him back to the emergency room where his blood pressure was 50, which was a huge shock.
And he rarely breathed, and it was blue.
And the emergency room staff did everything they could.
They put him in a ventilator.
And this time I was in shock, and I was shaking with excitement.
And I had to go into the gels, because after stabilization, he was transferred to intensive care, and I was hoping that he would recover, despite everything.
And after two or three days of monitoring, it turned out that he would never be able to sleep again.
The irreversible brain injury developed. And the family was reunited. And over the course of eight or nine days of follow-up, they were helpless.
And after nine days, they decided to end the procedure — Ms. Drucker, her husband, mother and grandmother.
They say that the names of the dead are never forgotten.
And that's the first time I've ever met this rule.
Within a few weeks of the team, I blamed myself, and I was faced for the first time with an unhealthy sense of shame that exists in our culture of medicine — a sense of loneliness and isolation, not a sense of shame that everyone feels normally, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You know the usual trick, when you steal a secret from your best friend by promising not to tell anyone, you get trapped and your best friend walks up to you and you have a scary argument, but you manage to get over that feeling of sickness and tell them you're not going to do that again.
And with that promise, you will never make that mistake again.
Such a sense of shame is a kind of teacher.
What I'm talking about here is that unhealthy shame makes you sick.
It's something that tells you that you're bad, not what you're doing.
And that's what I felt.
And it wasn't just that I put my knee in the knee.
He talked to the family, and I'm sure he softened the problem and stopped me from being sued.
And I kept asking myself these questions. Why didn't I ask my grandfather? Why did I send her home?
And then I had even worse memories: Why did I do this kind of stupid thing? Why did I choose medicine?
And slowly, slowly it has gotten better.
I started feeling a little bit better, and one day when the air was cloudy and the skies were clear and the sun was starting to come out, I wondered, did I feel good again? And I negotiated with myself that if I had to double my game to make myself great and never make another mistake again, please stop the sounds. And they stopped. And I went back to work.
And then it happened again.
Two years ago, I was in the emergency room of a hospital just north of Toronto, and I saw a 25-year-old man who had a sore throat.
There was a crowd, and I was kind of in a hurry.
And I gave her a prescription for penicillin and sent her over.
And even as he was walking out the door, he was still pointing at his throat.
And two days later, I came to the next emergency room, and my chief, very quietly, told me that he wanted to talk to me in his office.
And she said three words: Did you remember her?
Do you remember the  sore throat that you saw?
It turned out he didn't have streptococcal ulcers.
In contrast, he had a condition called epiglottitis, which is a life-threatening condition.
You can look it up on Google, it's infectious, but it's not your throat, it's your upper respiratory tract, and your upper respiratory tract is closing. And by chance, he did not die.
Antiretroviral drugs started, and within days, it had gone away.
I've had my panic attack twice in the same emergency period, and that's kind of how it happens, especially when you're working in a hospital where you see 14 patients in a night.
I didn't send them home, and I don't think there's any risk in taking care of them.
One of them was a kidney stone. I wanted an X-ray of the kidney. When the result turned out to be normal, my colleague, who had reevaluated the patient, got a sensitivity in the lower right of the abdomen, and called the surgeons.
It had a lot of real estate in it.
I proposed some liquids so that he wouldn't get sick, and I asked my friend to evaluate it.
He did, and again, when he felt tension in the lower right part of his abdomen, he called the surgeons.
In both cases, they did their operation, and the patients recovered.
But every time, it seemed like they were coming over me, like they were breaking me.
And I would like to tell you that some of my worst mistakes, as many of my colleagues have said, have been in the first five years of practice. (Laughter) Some of them have been in the last five years.
It's lonely, it's embarrassing, it's supportless.
The problem is: If I don't feel clean and I don't talk about my mistakes, if I don't hear my inner voice telling me what's really going on, how do I share that with my colleagues?
How can I teach them not to do what others have done for me?
If I hadn't gone into the room as I did now and talked to you without knowing what you were thinking about me
When's the last time someone talked to you about making mistakes on mistakes?
Yes, you go to cocktail parties and you listen to another doctor speak, but you're not going to hear somebody talk about their mistakes.
If I were to walk into a room full of my colleagues and ask them for their support and then tell you about what I just told you, I probably wouldn't be able to get them to tell you two of my stories without really bothering, some of them just making fun of it, changing the topic and talking about it.
And in fact, if my friends and I knew that one of the orthopedic surgeons at our hospital had amputated the wrong leg, believe me, I'd have trouble making eye contact with that person.
That's the kind of system we have.
There are two kinds of positions in this system — those who make mistakes and those who don't, those who can't make sleep deprivation and those who do, those who have meaningless consequences and those who have great consequences.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like the antibody has attacked that person.
And we have this notion that if we take the people who make mistakes out of medicine, we'll leave a safe system.
But there are two problems with this.
In my 20 or so years of working as a medical publisher and editor of magazine articles, I've done a personal study to learn everything I know about my medical practices and my medical mistakes, from the first paper I wrote on the Toronto Star to my show called "White Lead, Black Art." And what I've learned is that mistakes are absolutely everywhere and they're always.
We live in a system where every day there are mistakes, where one out of every 10 drugs given there is the wrong drug or the wrong dosage, where hospital-acquired infections are increasing every day causing destruction and death.
In this country, as many as 24,000 Canadians are dying of preventable medical errors.
In the United States, the Institute of Medicine calls it 100,000.
In both cases, there are huge failures, because we're not doing what we should be doing in the face of the problem.
And here's an example. In a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years, we can't capture it.
Sleep deprivation definitely increases. We can't get rid of it. We have our own cognitive biases, and I can tell you a great story about a patient who has chest pain.
Now you take the same patient with chest pain, you make her hydrogen sulfide and lower her chin and give her some alcohol in her breath, and all of a sudden the story becomes narrative. I don't take the same story. I'm not a robot; I don't always do things the same way.
And my patients are not cars; they don't always convey their symptoms in the same way.
If you take all of this into account, mistakes are inevitable.
Take a system like the one I was trained in, and throw out the healthcare workers who are likely to be wrong, and no one's left behind.
And you know this industry for people who don't want to talk about their bad cases.
In my show, Black Lead, Black Art, I'm used to saying, "Here's my worst mistake," and I can tell anyone, from ambulance people to cardiologists, "Here's my worst mistake," blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And their pupils would grow, they would dilate, and then they would look down, and they would sniffle, and they would start telling their story.
They want to tell their own stories. They want to share. They want to say, "Here, don't make the mistake I made." They need an environment where they can say these things.
They need a new understanding of a culture of medicine.
And it starts with one doctor at a time.
The redefined doctor is a person who knows he's a person, accepts him, doesn't feel proud to make a mistake, but uses it to teach someone else a lesson. Shares their experience with others.
And not to brag about other people's mistakes, but to say it in a loving, supportive way so that everybody can benefit.
And as somebody who works within the culture of medicine, he recognizes that those who run the system are human beings, and when they run the system, they will occasionally make mistakes.
As the system evolves, by accumulating experiences, it makes it easier to detect mistakes that people inevitably make, and it encourages a path of love and support in places where everyone else, like the health care system, observes. It brings up potential mistakes, and it's rewarded for doing so, and people like me are rewarded for acknowledging when they make mistakes.
My name is Brian Goldman. I'm a redefined doctor. I'm human. I make mistakes. I'm sorry about that, but I'm eager to learn in order to teach others.
I don't know yet what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me end with three words of my own: I do remember. (Applause)
And I thought, since I'm usually sort of in charge of telling people how great new technologies are, and I'm here among my friends, I'm going to tell you what I'm really thinking, and I'm going to try to figure out what's really going on here with these technological leaps, which seem to be pretty quick, looking backwards.
I'm going to start by showing you just a very boring technology slide.
If you can open the slide on top — this is a random selection slide from my archive.
I want to show you the overall shape of the slide instead of the details.
This is a slide from some of the analyses that we've done of the power of local networks versus the power of the RISC microprocessor.
What's interesting about this slide is that it's kind of a flat line on a half-long logarithmic curve, as in most technology slides we're used to.
In other words, each step here represents an order of magnitude across the performance scale.
And that's something new that we're talking about in technology on these semi-log curves.
There's some really weird stuff happening here.
And that's basically what I'm going to talk about.
If we could have the lights down and have the lights up a little bit more, because I'm going to use a piece of paper here.
Now, why do we draw the technology curves as half-long logs?
The answer is, if I plot this on a normal curve, let's say that's years of sort of time. And that's the scale of the technology I'm trying to draw. The graph looks a little bit silly. It goes like this. And they don't tell us much.
Now, let's say that I plot a different taxonomy of transportation technology on a semi-log curve, and it looks like a straight line, but that's ridiculous.
But when something like this happens, it means that they're qualitatively changing.
So if transportation technology were to evolve as fast as the microprocessor technology, I could get in a taxi the next morning and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it's not moving this way.
There has never been a time in the history of technological progress where every few years you went through a period of one-size-fits-all self-stimulating growth.
Now the question I want to pose is, if you look at these zero-sum curves, they don't go on forever.
Maybe they're not managing to change as fast as they could.
It's going to be one of two things: until something completely different happens, they're either going to be this classic S-curve, or they're going to be like this. That's all they can be. As an optimist, I think it's probably going to be like this.
And if so, this suggests that what we're in the middle of right now is a transition.
It's a line that we're on right now, where we're moving from the way the world used to be to the way the world is now.
So what I'm trying to ask is, what is this new shape of the world that I'm standing in?
What is this new context that the world's heading toward?
Because when you're in the midst of change, it's very, very confusing.
The future, when I was growing up, was something like 2,000 years old.
And people were talking about what was going to happen in the year 2000. Here's a conference where people were talking about the future, and you'll notice that the future's still around the year 2000.
That's about as far as we can go.
So in other words, for the rest of my life, it's almost like it gets smaller every year for the next year.
I think it's because we all feel that there is something there. This transition is happening. We all feel it. And we know that designing 30 years, designing 50 years, it doesn't make a lot of sense.
Because things are going to be so different, there's no point in doing a simple adaptation.
So what I'd like to talk about is what that transition might look like.
To do that, I'm going to have to talk about a couple of things that don't have to do with technology or computers.
I think the only way we can really understand this is if we really step back and look at everything from a long-term perspective.
I want to look at it from the time scale of life on Earth.
I think that when you look at it over several billion years, the picture begins to make sense.
If you go back about two and a half billion years, Earth was a vast, inefficient rock with a lot of chemicals swimming around it.
So if we look at how these chemicals are organized, we start to have a pretty good idea of how they do this.
But I think there are theories that are beginning to understand what this is like with RNA, but first I'm going to tell you a kind of simple story of what it was like when little droplets of oil were floating around, containing all kinds of chemicals with very different specifications.
And some of those oil droplets contained a particular combination of chemicals that allowed them to grow by taking out chemicals.
And so what happened was that they began to diverge.
These little droplets of oil were, in a sense, the most primitive forms of cells.
It turns out that those oil droplets weren't really alive in their present form, because each one was accidentally made of a chemical.
And each time they divided, there was an uneven division of chemicals inside of them.
So each drop was slightly different.
In fact, these droplets, which are different in a way that would be better for introducing chemicals into them and around them, have grown larger and more chemically active and more biodegradable.
They live longer, and they tend to be more phenomenal.
Now, these are a kind of very simple life forms, but when these droplets learn a trick about abstraction, things get really interesting.
And in a way that we don't understand very well, these particles have learned to store information.
They've learned to store this information, the recipe for the cell, on a specific kind of chemical called DNA.
In other words, this unconscious, sort of evolutionary way, they've invented a way of recording, a way of recording that allows them to record what they're all about, and the way they record can be copied.
What's amazing is that the way this is recorded has remained unchanged since it evolved two and a half billion years ago.
In fact, our recipe is that our genes are exactly the same code and the same script.
In fact, every living thing has been proven to be written with the same set of letters and code.
In fact, one of the things that I do just for fun is we can write stuff with this code.
So here I have a 100 microgram white powder that I'm not trying to show you for security clearance at the airport. (Laughter) There are standard letters in the code that we use to symbolize it, and what I've done is I've taken this code, and I've written my business card on a piece of DNA, and I've pressed 10 to 22 times.
Actually, everybody in the world. Here we go. (Laughter) If I were really selfish, I would put him in a virus and spread him around the room.
(Laughter)
So what was the next step?
And this made these cells happy for several billion years.
But then, there's another really interesting step that's completely different, and that is that these cells start to form clusters, and they start to exchange and communicate information.
I don't know if you know this, but in fact, bacteria can exchange DNA.
This is why, for example, antibiotic resistance has evolved.
Some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin, and together with other bacteria, that little bit of DNA information spreads like this, and because bacteria communicate, we now have many bacteria that are resistant to penicillin.
And that communication has allowed, in a way, the synergies of the communities that are all together on the same ship.
So they survived together, or they failed together, and so if the community was very successful, then all the individuals in the community would be more likely to be repeated over and over again, supported by evolution.
The turnaround is when these communities get closer and closer together, and they actually come together and they decide to write the entire recipe into a single DNA strand.
And the next really interesting stage in life took about another billion years.
And at this stage, we now have multicellular organisms that are multi-species organisms that are multi-celled.
We're actually a multicellular community.
We now have a large number of cells that are not just for themselves.
Your skin cells are useless without your heart cells, without your muscle cells, without your brain cells and so on.
And so these societies began to evolve, to the point where the interesting stage in which evolution took place was no longer a single cell, but a whole community of organisms.
The next phase happened within these communities.
These cell communities are again beginning to abstract information.
They started to develop very specialized structures in the population that didn't do anything else but process information. These were the neural structures.
They actually start to specialize in the community and in structures that are responsible for gathering the information, understanding it and learning it.
These were the brains and nervous systems of the community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at this point, an individual, learning, could be in the time of a single organism, instead of this entire evolutionary time.
So, for example, an organism could learn not to eat certain kinds of fruits because the taste was bad and the next time it ate it, it got sick.
It could have happened in the lifetime of a single organism, but it had to be learned evolutionarily from individuals who had died eating this fruit for hundreds of thousands of years before they could build these specialized information processing structures.
In fact, the nervous system that they created, these specialized information processing structures, accelerated the entire evolutionary process by an enormous degree.
Because evolution could happen in one individual now.
This was happening during the learning curve.
And then, of course, the individuals learn the tricks of communication.
For example, the most sophisticated version of this that we're aware of is called human language.
It's a pretty surprising comparison, if you think about it.
There's a very confusing, messy, confusing thought going on in my mind.
So I'm sitting here and I'm hoping that by basically making some homunculus noises, I'm hoping that I'm going to create in your head a kind of distributed, surprisingly similar thought that has parallels to mine.
We're taking something that's very complex, and we're turning it into a sequence of sounds that produces something that's very complex in your brain.
And that allows us to start to work as one organism.
So what we do is we abstract, we make assumptions about who we are as human beings.
We go through the same processes that multicellular organisms go through by abstracting our methods of recording, presenting and processing information.
The discovery of language, for example, is a very small step in this direction.
Telephony, computers, videotapes, CD-ROMs, etc., all of these things are now specialized mechanisms that we've created in our society to deal with this information.
And they connect us to something that's much bigger, much faster to evolve than we ever were.
Now evolution can take place in microseconds.
You've seen in front of your eyes Ty's evolution program, which creates a little sort of evolution as a small sample of evolution.
So we've accelerated time scales once again.
Part of the story that I've just told you about its initial steps took a billion years.
Their advanced steps, like the nervous system and the brain, took several hundred million years.
It's more advanced, like language, whose steps take less than a million years.
And like electronics, this is sophisticated that it looks like it's going to take just a few decades to break even.
The process self- nourishes, self- otokralizes, and I think that's the most appropriate word for something to amplify its own rate of change.
It changes faster as it changes.
I think that's what we're seeing here in this explosion of the curve.
We see that this process is self-fueling.
I make a living by designing computers, and I know that without the latest developments in computers, the mechanisms I'm using to design computers would not be possible.
I'm now designing so many complex objects, it's really impossible for me to design them in the traditional way.
I don't know what every single transistor in a wiring machine does. There's a billion of them out there. Instead, what I and the designers at Thinking Machines have done is we've abstracted it a little bit and we've given it to the machine so that the machine can do it much faster and farther than we can.
And it does that in ways that we sometimes don't even understand.
One particular interesting method that I've been using a lot lately is evolution itself.
So what we're doing is we're embedding a microsecond-scale evolutionary process into the machine.
For example, in extreme cases, we can evolve a program that starts with random sequences of commands.
For example, "Bilgisaar, please produce me a raster of a hundred million lines of directives."
Now please, let's run all these random command lines and let's run all these programs and let's pick the ones that do the closest thing to what I want. "In other words, I define what I want.
What I'd like to do with it, for example, is say I want to sequence numbers.
Now find the programs that are closest to putting the numbers in.
Of course, the number of random orders of commands is unlikely to be ordered, so none of them can actually accomplish this.
But one guy could randomly assign two numbers in the correct sequence.
So I say, "The programmer, please take that best one out of those random orders of commands.
Hold them, move them, and now reproduce the ones that rank best.
Take two programs and change the sub-programs and produce a child, a child that inherits the properties of the sub-programs in both programs.
So what I have here is a new generation of programs that came together to do a little bit better work. Let's say, "Repeat the process." Re-point. Multiply the mutations a little bit. And do it again for another generation.
Each of these generations takes just a few milliseconds.
So I can do a million-year evolution in just a few minutes in a computer, or a few hours in complex situations.
At the end of it, I have programs that rank numbers absolutely beautifully.
In fact, they're much more efficient than the programs I can write.
Now, if I look at these programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to look at them, and I'll tell you how they work. They're awkward, weird programs. But they do work. I'm actually pretty sure that they will, because they come from hundreds of thousands of program lines that have worked.
Well, their lives depend on them doing their job.
(Laughter)
I was riding in a 747 with Marvin Minsky, and he took this card, and he said, "Oh look, look what it says here: 'This plane has hundreds of thousands of little pieces working together to fly you safely.' Doesn't that make you feel safe?
(Laughter)
We actually know that when things get complicated, the engineering process doesn't work as well.
We're starting to trust computers to do very different processes than engineering.
It allows us to create things that are much more complicated than the ordinary engineering that allows us to create them.
And we haven't quite figured out what the options are that he has.
In a way, it's moving in front of us.
We're now using these programs to build computers that can do this much faster, much faster.
So it feeds back on itself.
It's getting faster and faster, which is why I think it looks so puzzling.
Because all of these technologies are feeding on themselves. We're winning.
We're at a point in time where one-celled organisms are becoming multi-celled organisms.
So we're all just dumbstruck, and we don't really understand what it is that we're creating for God's sake.
We are at a tipping point.
And I think there's something really going on behind us.
I think it would be arrogant to think that we are the end product of evolution.
What's next is what we're all part of manufacturing.
Lunch is approaching, and I think I'll end it there before it's too late.
(Applause)
I'm here to share my photography. Is it photography?
Because, of course, this is not a photograph you can take with your camera.
However, my interest in photography began when I was 15 years old and I bought my first camera.
It merged with my previous passion for drawing, but it was slightly different because it was about planning the process by using a camera.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process stops when you press the shutter button.
For me, photography was more than just being in the right place at the right time.
I thought, everyone can do this.
So I wanted to create something different, something where the process begins when you press the trigger.
Pictures like this: construction work continues on a cramped path.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And yet, there's a level of reality.
Or photographs like this — both dark and color, but with a common goal of capturing a level of truthiness.
When I say reality, I mean photographic reality.
Because, of course, this isn't really what you would catch, but I would always like it to somehow look like it was taken with a camera.
They're pictures that require a little bit of thought before you're able to solve the puzzle.
So it's really about capturing an idea rather than just a moment.
So what's the trick that makes it look real?
Is it about detail or about color?
Is it about light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes it's perspective that creates the illusion.
But in the end, it's all about how we interpret the world and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not what reality really looks like, it's what we think it really looks like.
So I think the premise is quite simple.
I see it as a kind of a puzzle where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create another reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three physical objects that can be perfectly visualized, something that we can all relate to life in a three-dimensional world.
But when they get together in a certain way, they can still create something that looks three-dimensional, as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it can't.
So we're fooling our brains, because our brains don't accept the fact that it doesn't actually make any sense.
And I see the same process in combining photographs.
It's really about connecting different reality.
So the things that make a photograph real, the things that I think we never thought about, the things that are around us in our daily lives.
But when we're combining photographs, it's really important to think, because otherwise, it looks somehow wrong.
What I'm saying is that there are three simple rules that you need to follow in order to get a realistic result.
As you can see, there's nothing special about these images.
But when they're combined, they create something like this.
So the first rule is that the photographs that are assembled should have the same perspective.
Secondly, the photographs that are merged have to have the same type of light.
And in these two pictures, they have these two conditions — they're taken at the same height and in the same light.
And thirdly, it's about making it impossible to recognize where the different pictures end up and where they begin by connecting them in an obscure way.
Makes it impossible to understand that the image is assembled in time.
By matching color, contrast and brightness at the boundary between different images, by adding depth of field and photographic imperfections like faded lines and parasites, we erase the boundary between the different images and make them appear like a single image, even though the single image is essentially made up of hundreds of layers.
Here's another example. (Laughter) People might think this is a picture of land, and the underbelly of the playing field.
But in fact, this image was created entirely by combining photographs of different places.
Personally, I think it's easier to create a place than it is to find one, because you don't have to compromise your ideas.
But this requires a lot of planning.
And since this idea came to me in the winter, I knew that there were several months to plan and find different places to basically build the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, this is a picture of a fish when it came out to fish.
Beaches are from different places.
The underwater portion was taken in a boulder.
And yes, I even color-coded the rooftop of the island to look more like Sweden.
So getting a real result, I think, is through planning.
It always starts with a framework, with an idea.
And then it comes down to linking different photographs.
And here, every single part is very well-planned.
And if you do a good job taking photographs, the result can be pretty beautiful and also pretty realistic.
So we have all the ingredients we need, and the only thing that limits us is our imagination.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I want to talk to you about why so many e-health projects have failed.
And I think the most important thing is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University of Radboud was appoint a surveillance officer.
It's not very scientific — he's making some tea or coffee, and he asks the patients, the families, the neighbors, "How's it going?
How can we help you? "And for us, that's what we want to think about, and it's one of the big problems that's caused all — maybe not all — but most e-health projects to fail, since we stopped listening.
This is my WiFi spoon. It's very simple. It has a button on it, open / closed.
And every morning, I climb on it.
And yes, I have a goal, as you can see.
And my goal is to be 95 kilos.
But it's so easy, every time I go up, it sends my data to Google Health.
And my physical therapist is taking this data, so he can see what's wrong with me in terms of my weight, not just when I need the help of a cardiologist or something like that, but also looking at the past.
But there's something else.
As some of you may know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
Every morning, I get on my WiFi, and before I get in my car, people start talking to me, "I think you should have a light lunch today, Lucien."
(Laughter)
But it's the subtlest behavior, because this friend-forced friend-forced stance that used to help patients — if you could use it for obesity, you could use it for smoking cessation.
But on the other hand, it can be used to lift people out of their chairs and allow them to work together through a kind of playful activity to gain greater control over their health.
It's going to be ready for use next week, and it's going to be this little blood vessel connected to an iPhone or something.
And people, from their own homes, can measure their blood pressure, send it to their doctors, and ultimately share it with others for, say, over a hundred dollars.
And at this point, the patients will not only take their positions and regain control, and become captains of their own ships, but they will also help us in the area of health insurance because of the explosion in health insurance costs, the double supply and so on that we're facing.
And you can do it with these kinds of techniques, but you can also do it with crowdsourcing.
I'd like to share with you one of the things we've done, with a short video.
We all have navigation controls in our cars.
Maybe even in our cell phones.
We know perfectly well where all the ATMs in Maastricht are.
Another thing we know is where the gas stations are.
And of course, we can find fast food restaurants.
But where might the nearest AED be able to help this patient?
We asked people, but nobody knew.
No one knew where the nearest lifesaver AED was that should now be found.
So we crowdsourced the whole of Holland.
We set up a website, and we asked the audience, "If you see an AED, please send it, tell us where it is, tell us where it's open," because sometimes it's closed during the work day, of course.
And over 10,000 AEDs have already been deployed in the Netherlands.
So the next step we took was to find applications for it.
We made an iPad app.
Augmented reality, we built an app for Layar to find these AEDs.
If you're in a city like Maastricht and someone likes, you can use your iPhone, and in a few weeks, you can find the nearest life-saving AED that'll work on your Microsoft cell phone.
From today, we would like to introduce you to this, not just AED4EU, which is the name of the product, but also AED4US.
We want to start it globally.
Our colleagues all over the world are asking universities around the world to help us find, study, crowdsource all these AEDs around the world, and to act as a hub, so that when you're on holiday and someone likes, it might be your own relative, or just somebody in front of you, you can find them.
The other thing we want is companies from around the world to help us validate these AEDs.
They could be the janitor, or they could be the wire guy, just to see if the AED that was sent in was still there.
Please help us with this, and not just to make health a little bit better, but to gain control.
Thank you.
(Applause)
My story actually starts two years ago right here in Rajasthan.
On a starry night, I was out in the desert with a Sufi singer called Mukhtiar Ali.
And we were talking about how nothing had changed since the time of the ancient Indian epic "The Mahabharata."
Back then, when we Indians wanted to travel, we used to hop on our two-wheelers and fly to the sky.
Now we do the same thing with airplanes.
At that time, when the great Indian warrior, Prince Arjuna, was crying, he would take a bow, he would thrust it on the ground, and out of there would come water.
Now we do the same with drills and machines.
What we found is that magic is replaced by machines.
And that really pissed me off.
I realized I was getting a little freaked out by the technology.
I was terrified that I would lose my ability to enjoy the sunset without having a camera with me and without tweeting to my friends.
And I thought that technology should be made possible, rather than just killing the magic.
When I was a little girl, my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch.
And this piece of 50-year-old technology became for me the most magical thing in the world.
In my dreams, pirates had become a golden gateway to a world full of shipwrecks and images.
So I felt that our mobile phones and our fancy watches and our cameras stopped us from dreaming. They stopped us from being inspired. And so I plunged into the technology world to see how I could use it to make possible rather than just killing the magic.
I've been drawing books since I was 19 years old.
And when I saw the iPad, I saw it as a storytelling device that would connect readers all over the world. It knows how we hold it. It knows where we are. It combines picture and text, animation, sound and touch.
Storytelling is becoming more and more multi-sensorial.
So what do we do with this?
I'm actually going to introduce you to Khoya, which is an app for the iPad.
It says, "Put your finger on every single light." And so — (Music) It says, "This box belongs to this person..." And I put my name on it.
And I actually become a character in the book.
At various points, a small letter appears — and the iPad knows where you live by GPS — that actually shows me.
These kinds of possibilities really excite the kid in me.
I've talked a lot about magic. And I don't mean magicians and dragons. I mean childhood magic, the ideas that we all had as children.
I've always been fascinated by the idea of fireflies in a jar, for some reason.
And here you have to shake your iPad, the fireflies come out.
And they actually illuminate your way through the rest of the book.
Another idea that really fascinated me as a child was the idea that the entire galaxy is in a single sphere.
And here, every single book and every single world becomes a little know-it-all that I drag into this magical device.
And it opens up a map.
From the beginning, it was the map of all the fantastic books, but these maps were in motion.
This is a map that grows and glows, and in the sequel to the book, you have a guide.
It appears at certain points in the book. I'm going to go in now.
The other thing that's really important to me is the creation of content that is Indian but also very contemporary. The Apsaras that you see here. We've all heard of fairies andnymphs before, but how many people outside of India know of the Indian brother Apsaras?
These poor Apsaras stayed in Indra's chambers, in an ancient and ancient book, for thousands of years.
And we bring them back into a contemporary children's narrative.
And it's really a story about dealing with new problems, like environmental crises. (Music)
Speaking of environmental crises, I think the big problem that we've been facing for the last 10 years is children are stuck in rooms with their computers strapped to them, and they can't go out.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children out into nature with technology.
One of the interactions in the book is that you're sent off to a task that involves taking pictures of different natural objects.
When I was younger, I had diverse collections of sticks, stones, pebbles and seashells.
And somehow kids don't do that anymore.
In order to bring back this childhood ritual, you have to go outside and in one chapter, take a picture of a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a tree trunk and tag it.
And so you create a digital photo collection that you can actually publish online.
A child in London uploads a picture of a fox and says, "I saw a fox today." A child in India uploads, "I saw a monkey today." And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that you've actually taken.
The possibilities for bringing magic, the world and technology together are really enormous.
In the next book, we're working on an interaction where you take out your iPad while the video is playing, and you see the moving fairy that's appearing in the bush outside your home because of augmented reality.
At some point, your screen is covered with leaves.
And you have to make a wind instrument to distribute them, and you're reading the sequel to the book.
We're moving into a world where nature's forces are coming closer to technology and where magic and technology are coming closer together, and we're all moving into that.
We get energy from the sun.
We bring our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and the childhood love and joy and magic that we have because of a simple story.
Thank you.
(Applause)
How in 10 minutes can I tell you the stories of the ties between three generations of women, the amazing strength of these ties, how in the life of a 14-year-old girl who was trapped on a small Chinese Sea ship over 30 years ago, how in the life of a 14-year-old girl who was trapped for five days and nights with her younger sister and her mother and her grandmother, how in the life of that little girl who is now living in San Francisco and is speaking to you today, how in the life of that little girl, the ties that never dried
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle in which these pieces are still being put together.
Let me tell you a few of those pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning down the business of his life.
He's a poet, a playwright, a man who's balanced his whole life on the hopes of his country's unity and freedom.
Imagine him as a communist entering the Saigon, facing the fact that his life was a total waste of time.
Words, people who had been friendly for a long time, were now making fun of him. He was buried in silence. He had died of heartbreak from the betrayal of history.
He's my grandfather.
I didn't get to know him.
But our lives are so much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her life.
My task was not to let it go, and the lesson I should have learned was this: yes, history has tried to destroy us, but we have confronted it.
The other piece of the puzzle is a ship that sails silently in the open ocean at dawn.
My mother, Mai, was 18 years old when her father died — she had already been married in a ritzy marriage and had two daughters.
For him, his life depended on one mission: his family's escape and a new life in Australia.
It was unthinkable for him that he would fail.
After a four-year myth that crippled the imagination, a fishing vessel was chartered and a ship was launched.
All adults were aware of the risks.
The biggest fears were rape and death.
Like most adults on the ship, my mom was carrying a small bottle of poison with her.
If we were caught, it would be my sister and I, and then her and my grandmother.
My earliest memories are of when I was on board — the steady rhythm of the engine, the pulley against every wave, the endless horizon.
I don't remember the pirates, who repeatedly attacked but were repelled by the men on the ship, or the engine break and didn't work for six hours.
I remember the lights on the oil tower off the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who fell to the sea and died, the journey was over for him, and I remember the first apple I ever tasted, which the men on the tower gave me.
No apples taste alike.
After three months in the refugee camp, we landed in Melbourne.
The other piece of the puzzle is about four women of three generations leading a new life together.
We settled in Footscray, a suburb of a working-class immigrant demographic.
Unlike the established, middle-class suburbs that I was unaware of, there was no right to own Footscray.
The smells from the store doors were coming from the rest of the world.
And the English words frantically translated meant they only had one thing in common with people who were getting their life back together.
My mother worked in farms, and then worked for six days on a double-decker car assembly line.
We were broke. All the dollars were put away, and regardless of what was missing, we had extra budgets adjusted for spelling and mathematics classes, and the missing was often new clothes, always second-hand.
Two pairs of socks to hide the holes in one and the other socks to wear at school.
It's a school uniform that goes down to the waist, because we had to wear it for six years.
And very rarely, though, did they have "pinky-eyed" signs and, occasionally, wall signs saying, "Assyrian, go home." Where is home? Something was stirring in me. There was a pile of decisions and a small voice saying, "I'm going to ignore you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother would be exhausted every night, but she would still talk to each other about how the day had gone, and we would listen to her voice as she walked around the house.
My mother had nightmares about the ship.
And my job was to stay awake to wake up when those nightmares started to come.
She started a computer shop, later trained to become a beauty specialist, and she owned another one.
And women brought with them their stories, stories of men who were angry and insecure because they could not cope, and stories of troubled children who were left in two worlds.
I lived in parallel worlds. In one, I was a classic Asian student, relentless in her self-esteem.
On the other hand, I fell into a web of lives tragically marred by violence, drugs and isolation.
But over the years, many have been helped.
And because of that work, I was chosen as the young Australian of the year in my final year of law school.
And I flipped from piece to piece of the puzzle, and the edges didn't match.
Tan Le, the nameless resident of Footscray, who became a refugee and social activist, was invited to speak to places he had never heard of before and to houses he could not even imagine existed. I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to return to the routine and comfort of life in an unfamiliar suburb — a grandmother, a mother and two daughters who ended up falling asleep and telling each other how their day had gone in the same way for almost 20 years, and how all three of us were still asleep in the same bed.
I told my mother I couldn't do that.
He reminded me that I was the same age he was when we got on the ship. "No" was never an option. "Just do it," he said, "and be like someone else."
So I appealed to youth unemployment, to education, and to the fact that they have been marginalized and denied their rights.
And the more deeply I talked, the more I was asked to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, and they had a life full of possibilities.
And even though I graduated with a degree, I realized that I didn't want a legal career.
It had to be a different part of the puzzle.
And I also realized that being a stranger, that having just arrived, that having just come onstage, is a good thing — and not only a good thing, but something to be grateful for, perhaps a gift from the ship.
Because being someone from the inside can easily mean narrowing your horizons, it can easily mean embracing the possibilities of your profession.
I went out of my secure environment to know that yes, the world is falling apart, but not in the way that you might fear.
The unlikelihood was extraordinarily encouraging.
There was energy, an unquenchable mix of optimism, humility and hubris.
And I followed my instincts. I created a small team that was immediately challenged by the word "feasible." I created a small team.
We didn't make any money for a year.
At the end of each day, I made a big bowl of soup that we all shared.
We worked till late at night every day.
Most of our ideas were wild, but a small part of them were genius, and we made a big breakthrough.
After a single trip, I decided to move to the U.S. And again, I listened to my instincts.
So before I end, let me tell you about my grandmother.
He grew up in a time when Confucianism was the social norm and the chief thing was the Mandarin. Life hadn't changed for centuries. His father died soon after he was born.
Her mother raised her by herself.
She was the second wife of a 17-year-old Mandarin, raped by her husband's mother.
Since she had no support from her husband, she created a sensation by bringing her to court and standing up for her case, and when she won, created a greater sensation. (Laughter) (Applause) It turned out the word "incapable" was wrong.
When he finally came to life in Melbourne, 600 miles away, I was in a hotel room in Sydney taking a shower.
When I looked out the window, I saw him standing on the other side.
I knew she came to apologize.
Minutes later, my mom called.
A few days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Footscray and sat around the altar.
We shared their stories, and we wanted to make sure that she was still with us.
In the middle of the night, a monk came and said, "Please close this taboo."
My mother asked me to hold her hand.
And he said, "Why is it that the rest of it is so cold and his hand is so hot?" And he said, "Because you've been holding him since morning, you didn't let him go."
If there's energy in our family, it's transferred between the women.
Because we knew who we were and how life shaped us, we could see men who might have been entering our lives could be blocking us.
We were going to be beaten very easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I'm thinking about the ship.
Who would want that for their kids?
And yet I fear privilege, I fear liberty, I fear help.
I don't know. But if I gave them that, and I saw that they would still be safe, I would do that.
(Applause)
Trevor Nelson: And also, Tan's mother is right now number four or five among us.
Hi, I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm a YouTube trendsetter, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. That's true. We're going to talk a little bit today about how videos are spread like viruses and why that's important.
We all want to be stars — celebrities, singers, comedians — and when I was younger, that seemed really, really hard to do.
But the Internet has made it so that any of us, or any creative thing that we do, can become literally famous in some part of our world culture.
Until next Saturday, one of you may be famous online.
But more than 48 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute.
And only a tiny percentage of it is transmitted, watched over and over again, and it becomes a cultural moment.
So how does this work?
It's because of three things: trendsetters, engagement communities and unpredictability.
All right, let's go.
(Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God, my God. My God! Whoa! Whoa!
KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he took outside his home in Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is what it looked like when it first became popular last summer.
But Bear didn't actually release the video to spread the word.
He just wanted to share a rainbow.
Because when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear, that's what you do. (Laughter) And he actually posted many nature videos.
And this video was actually posted last January.
So what happened here? Well, it turns out it was Jimmy Kimmel. Jimmy Kimmel eventually wrote down this tweet that made the video as popular as it could become.
Because trendsetters like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and connect them to a wider array of people.
(Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday.
We have to get going on this Friday.
♫ ♫ Everyone's looking forward to the weekend, the weekend.
♫ ♫ Friday, Friday.
We're on the move this Friday. ♫
KA: I hope you didn't think we could actually do the talk without talking about this video.
Rebecca Black's song "Cuma" is one of the most popular videos of the year.
It's been viewed nearly 200 million times this year.
This is a chart of what it looks like.
So what happened that day?
It was Friday, that's right.
And if you're wondering about those streaks, those are Fridays. (Laughter) But what happened that day, the day that that video went viral?
Tosh.0 picked it up, and a lot of blogs starting talking about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post about this video on Twitter for the first time.
But what's important is that individual or group trendsetters have taken a point of view and sped up the process of sharing it with a broader audience.
And so there was a community of people who shared this great joke amongst themselves, and they started talking about it and doing something with it.
And there are now 10,000 parodies of "Cuma" on YouTube.
Even in the first seven days, there was a parody of the other days of the week. (Laughter) Contrary to the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this social engagement is how we become part of a phenomenon — either by spreading it or by doing something new with it.
(Music)
"Nyan Cat" is a single-panel animation with a single-panel music.
That's it, just like that.
It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year.
And if you think this is weird, you should know that there's a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. (Laughter) Even cats were watching this video. (Laughter) Cats were watching other cats watching this video.
(Laughter)
But what's important here is the creativity that this technician, this computer scientist, inspired in the culture of the Internet.
They had remixes. (Laughter) Someone did the old timey version. (Laughter) And then it became international. (Laughter) And it formed a whole remix community that took it from being just a stupid joke to something that we could actually be a part of.
Because now we're not just having fun, we're participating.
And who would have predicted that?
Who could have predicted "The Cheeky Bird" or Rebecca Black or "The Young and the Restless?" What scripts would you have written that would have contained that?
In a world where every minute is more than two days of video uploaded, it can only really stand out in ways that are unique and unexpected in the way these things do.
When a friend of mine told me that I should see this great video of a guy protesting bike fines in New York City, I have to admit I wasn't very interested.
(Video) Casey Niestat: I have a ticket not to drive on the bike lane, but there are barriers to properly riding on the bike lane most of the time.
(Laughter)
KA: Totally amazing and funny, Casey Niestat showed his idea and his purpose seven million times.
And this new approach holds for anything new that we do creatively.
And all of this raises a big question...
(Video) Bear Vasquez: What does that mean?
(Laughter)
KA: What does that mean?
Trendsetters, creative participatory communities, complete unexpectedness, define these characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture that everybody can access, and audience popularity.
I mean, like I said before, Justin Bieber, who is now one of the world's biggest stars, made his debut on YouTube.
Nobody has to green-light your idea.
And we all now feel a little bit of ownership in our own pop culture.
And these aren't characteristics of old media, and they're hardly true of media today, but they're going to define entertainment in the future.
Thank you.
(Applause)
(Applause)
(Video) Announcer: The threats, after the death of bin Laden, have increased.
Second scourge: famine in Somalia.
Third: police pepper spray.
The FourthSpicker: Insidious cartels.
The fifth one is: rovers.
Sixth Spike: Social corrosion.
Seventh Spike: 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Tsunami alert.
Nine Spikes: Cybercriminals. Several Spikes: Drug war. Mass destruction. Hurricane. Recession. Delays. Military. Egypt. Syria. Crisis. Death. Disaster. Oh my God.
Peter Diamantis: These are just some of the clips that I've collected over the last six months — It could have been the last six days, it could have been the last six years.
I mean, news organizations prefer to give us negative stories because they're focused on them.
And there's a good reason for that.
Every second of every day, our perceptions bring us far more information than our brains can process.
And because there's nothing more important to us than survival, the first step in all of that data is an old-fashioned anatomy called the amygdala, the temporal lobe.
Now, the amygdala is our early warning detector, our danger detector.
It organizes and analyzes all the data looking for anything in the environment that might harm us.
So among a dozen news stories, we're going to look specifically at the negative ones.
And that old journalistic maxim, "If it's bleeding it's headline," is true.
So if we think about all of our digital devices that are sending us negative news 24 hours a day, seven days a week, it's not surprising that we're being negative.
It's no surprise that people think the world is getting worse.
But, maybe, that's not the case.
Maybe what's brought us is a distortion of what's actually happening.
Perhaps, in the last century, because of a series of effects, the tremendous progress that we've made has been so accelerated in reality that we have the potential to create a world of abundance within the next three decades.
Now I'm not saying we don't have a lot of problems — climate crisis, extinction of species, water shortage, energy shortage — of course we do.
And as humans, we're much better at seeing problems in the past, but we ultimately bring them down.
So let's look at what happened in this last century to see where we're going.
In the last century, the average lifespan of people has more than doubled, the average income per person in the world has tripled, adjusted for inflation.
Child mortality dropped to one in 10 years.
Add to that the fact that food, electricity, transportation, communication costs are coming down by 10 to one-hundredth of one percent.
Steve Pinker has actually shown us that we live in the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenny pointed out that global literacy has gone from 25 percent to 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We are living in truly extraordinary times.
Most people forget about it.
And we raise our expectations as well.
In fact, we're redefining what poverty means.
Consider this: today, most people below the poverty line in America still have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, televisions, cell phones, air conditioners and cars.
The richest robbery-barons of the last century, the emperors on the throne, couldn't have dreamed of such luxuries.
And underlying much of this is technology, and it's been growing exponentially lately.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil has shown that any information technology appliance enters this curve, within Moore's Law, and the price performance doubles every 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone in your pocket is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than the '70s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
This is Moore's Law in the last few centuries.
I want you to notice two things about this curve.
The first is just how smooth it is — in good times and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and rise.
This is the result of using faster computers to make faster computers.
It's not slowing down for any of our big challenges.
And also, even though it's plotted in the law's curve on the left, it's tilted upwards.
The pace of the acceleration of technology itself is accelerating.
And on this curve, on Moore's Law, there's a lot of really powerful technologies out there that are kind of obvious to all of us.
Cloud computing is what my friends at Autodesk call infinite computing: sensors and networks; robotics; 3D printing, the ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet; synthetic biology; fuels, medicine and food; digital medicine; nanomaterials and artificial intelligence.
I mean, how many of you have seen IBM's Watson win over "Jeopardy?" I mean, it was epic. In fact, I went through the headlines looking for the best newspaper headline I could find.
And I love this one: "Watson Overtakes Human Enemies." Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It's about the nuances of human language. And please imagine such artificial intelligences in a cloud that's open to anyone with a cell phone.
Four years ago here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I founded a new university, the University of Technology.
And we teach our students about all of these technologies, and particularly how they can be used to solve humanity's great challenges.
And every year, we ask them to start a company or a product or a service that will positively affect the lives of a billion people a decade from now.
Think about that, literally, the fact that a group of students can impact the lives of a billion people today.
That would have sounded ridiculous 30 years ago.
We could count on the dozens of companies that have done just that today.
When I think about creating abundance, it's not about creating a life of luxury for everyone on the planet; it's about creating a life of possibility.
To take the rare and make them abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual, and technology is a resource-depleting influence.
Let me give you an example.
So this is a story about Napoleon III that goes back to the mid-1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited King Siyam to dinner.
All Napoleon's troops ate with silver spears, Napoleon's own golden spears.
But King Charming, he ate that aluminum foil with knives.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more valuable than gold and platinum.
That's why the top of the Washington Monument is made of aluminum.
You see, even though the Earth is 8.3 percent aluminum by mass, it doesn't turn out to be pure metal.
It's all about oxygen and silicates.
But then the electrolysis technology came along and made aluminum so literally cheap that we're using it in a pay-for-performance way.
So let's push this metaphor forward. We're thinking about energy shortage. Ladies and gentlemen, we live on a planet that is burning 5,000 times as much energy per year as we consume.
Every 88 minutes, 16 terawatts of energy are being applied to the surface of the Earth.
It's not about rareness; it's about accessibility.
And there's good news here.
For the first time this year, in India, the cost of solar electricity is 50 percent of the cost of diesel electricity — 8.8 rupees, 17 rupees.
The cost of solar fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study showing that by the end of this decade, the national average for solar power in the U.S. will be six cents a kilowatt, instead of 15 cents a kilowatt.
And when we have lots of energy, we have plenty of water.
Now we're talking about water wars.
In 1990, Carl Sagan actually flew across Saturn and turned the Voyager spacecraft back towards the Earth.
He took a famous picture.
What was it called? It's called "One Bleach Blue Dot." Because we live on a water planet.
70 percent of us live on a watery planet.
Yes, 97.5 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we're fighting for half the water on the planet, but there's hope here.
And there's technology that's going to be available, not in 10 years, not in 20 years, right now.
There's nanotechnology on the horizon, nanomaterials.
In my talk this morning with Dean Kamen, one of the greatest self-made innovators, I'd like to share with you — he's given me permission for this — the technology that many of you may have heard of is called Slingshot, which is something the size of a small dorm room refrigerator.
It can produce 1,000 liters a day of clean drinking water from any source, less than two cents a liter — saltwater, dirty water, toilets.
The president of Coca-Cola has approved testing hundreds of its units in the developing world.
And if it works, and I have every confidence to say it will, Coca-Cola will start using it globally, in 206 countries on the planet.
That's the kind of innovation that exists today that's augmented by this technology.
And we've seen this on cell phones.
By 2013, we're going to hit 70 percent penetration of cell phones in the developing world.
Imagine, in the middle of Kenya, a Masai warrior with a mobile phone, who has better mobile communications than President Reagan did 25 years ago.
That if they've been Googling on a smartphone, they've got more information access and more intelligence than President Clinton did 15 years ago.
They live in a world full of information and communications that no one imagines.
What's even better is that what you and I have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on and gotten — GPS, HD video and still images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostics technology — is now literally coming into your mobile phone out of the materiality and the money.
Maybe the best part comes when it comes to health.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Qualcomm Foundation a $10 million Qualcomm X Prize.
We challenge teams around the world to integrate, essentially, all these technologies, so that you can talk to them, because you can have artificial intelligence, you can pee on them, you can take blood out of their fingernails on a mobile device.
And in order to win, the device has to identify you more successfully than a team of dedicated medical doctors.
So literally, imagine this device in the middle of the developing world, where there are no doctors, where 25 percent of the patients and 1.3 percent of health workers are.
When it scans for an RNA virus or a DNA virus that it doesn't know, it calls the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and it prevents mass extinction once and for all.
But the greatest impact to have a world of abundance is here, right here.
I call it the rising billion.
So the white lines here are population.
We've just crossed seven billion lines in the world.
And by the way, the best way to protect the population from population explosion is to educate and keep the world healthy.
In 2010, there were a little less than two billion people translated, connected.
By 2020, we're going to go from two billion to five billion internet users.
Three billion new minds are joining the global conversation that we've never heard of before.
What will these people want? What will they consume? What will they desire?
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars that will flow into the economy.
And they'll be healthier using Tricorder, and better educated using Khan Academy, and more productive than ever before using 3D printers and endless computing in full immersion.
So what can the three billion rising, healthy, educated, productive members of humanity bring us?
What about a group of voices we've never heard before?
What if, wherever they were, they gave the oppressed the first opportunity to speak up, to be heard, to act?
What are those three billion people going to bring?
How about contributions that we can't even predict?
One thing I've learned from the X Prize is that small groups with a clear focus and drive can do extraordinary things, things that only large corporations and governments have done in the past.
Let me tell you a story that really excites me, and close with this.
There's a program some of you may have heard of.
It's a game called Foldit.
He graduated from the University of Washington in Seattle.
And it's a game in which individuals actually take an amino acid sequence and figure out how to turn a protein.
And how it curls determines its structure and function.
And it's very important for research in medicine.
And it's been a supercomputer problem up until now.
And this game was played by university professors and so forth.
And there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who have become translators and started playing this game.
And it showed that, in fact, today, humans' mechanisms of self-assembly are better than the best computers at crunching proteins.
And when these individuals went and looked to see who was the world's best protein binder, it wasn't a professor at MIT, it wasn't a student at CalTech, it wasn't from Manchester, England, during the day, it was an executive assistant in a rehabilitation clinic, and it was a woman who was the world's best protein binder at night.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me enormous confidence in the future is the fact that we are now individually empowered to tackle the great challenges of the world.
We have these cutting-edge technologies.
We have the passion of the DIY innovator. We have the capital of the techno-crafter. And we have three billion new minds working with us to become translators, to solve big problems, to do what we have to do.
We are living into the extraordinary decades ahead.
Thank you.
(Applause)
It's a great honor.
I've spent most of my life in cells, in prisons, in death row.
I've spent a lot of my time in very low-income neighborhoods, in hopeless projects and places.
And it's very energetic for me to be here at TED and to see this call.
What I've seen in the short time I've been here is an identity of TED.
You can tell there are things that are really going to contribute to the world.
When things come out of TED they have more meaning and power than they have anywhere else.
I'm talking about this because I think identity is really important.
We've seen some great presentations.
I think what we've learned is that if you're a teacher, the things that come out of your mouth are meaningful, but if you're a teacher who really cares, what you're saying is especially meaningful.
If you're a doctor, you can do good things, but if you're a doctor who cares, you can do other things.
I want to talk to you about the power of identity.
I didn't realize this when I was working in law or doing my job. I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional African-American family; the head of our family was a woman, my grandmother.
He was tough, he was strong, he was listened to.
He determined the outcome of all arguments at home.
He's the one who sparked a lot of controversy in our house.
She was the daughter of a family who were truly enslaved.
His parents were born into slavery in Virginia in the 1840s.
He was born in the 1880s, and coming out of slavery shaped his view of the world.
It's tough, but it's also strong.
When I was a little boy, I would go to see him, and he would hug me.
They held me so tightly that I could barely breathe and then they would let go.
When I saw him again an hour or two later, he would say to me, "Brian, do you still feel me hugging you?" If I said, "No," he would attack again, and if I said, "Yes," he would leave me alone.
It had a characteristic that you always wanted to be around it.
The only problem was he had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of her 10 children.
Sometimes, when I would go spend time with him, it would be hard to get his attention and his time.
My cousins were running around everywhere.
I remember waking up one day at the age of eight or nine and going into the hall, and all of my cousins were running around.
And Grandma was sitting across the room, just staring at me.
At first I thought we were playing a game, and I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
And about 15 or 20 minutes after that, he stood up, he came across the room, he grabbed me by my hand, and he said, "Come on Bryan.
We need to talk to you. "
I remember it like it was yesterday. I will never forget it.
And he took me outside, and he said, "Brian, I'm going to tell you something, but don't tell anyone that I said it." And I said, "OK, my grandmother." And she said, "Don't say it out loud." And I said, "Of course." And then she sat me down, and she looked at me and she said, "I want you to know that I'm watching you." And she said, "I think you're special.
And then he said, "I want you to promise me three things, Bryan." I said, "Well, I'm a grandmother." I said, "The first thing I want from you is to love your mother forever.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to say is don't always do the right thing, even if it's the right thing to do, even if it's the hard thing to do." And I thought about it and I said, "OK, grandma, say it."
Finally, he said, "The third thing I want from you is that you never drink." (Laughter) I was nine years old, so I said, "OK, nine, I'm not going to drink."
I grew up in a rural area in the South, have a brother a year older than me, and a sister a year younger than me.
One day, when I was about 14 or 15, my grandfather came home with a pack of beer — I don't know where it came from — and he took me and my sister to a wooded area.
There were three kids there doing all the crazy things that we do all the time.
He took a sip of beer and he gave it to my sister, and she took some and they gave it to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You don't need it. It's for you. I'm not going to drink it." I said, "Come on.
I got some, my brother got some.
You're welcome. "
I'm like, "No, it's not about me, it's about you.
For you. "
Then my grandfather looked at me really, really, really, really hard.
You're welcome. "
And then he looked at me and he said, "I hope you haven't gotten stuck talking to your grandmother yet." (Laughter) I said, "What are you talking about?" He said, "My grandmother says they're special to all their grandchildren." (Laughter) I was devastated.
(Laughter)
I'm going to admit something to you here.
It's probably something I shouldn't say.
This is going to be broadcast to large audiences.
But I'm 52 years old, and I'm going to admit to you that I haven't had a drink in my life. (Applause) And I'm not saying that because it's a very virtuous thing; it's because of the power of identity.
If we create the right identity, we can say things to the world around us that don't make much sense.
We can get them to do things that they think they can't do.
When I thought of my grandmother, to her, of course, all her grandkids were special.
My grandfather was in jail for alcoholism.
My uncles had died of alcohol-related diseases.
And that, he said, was something we had to abide by.
So far, I've tried to say something about our justice system.
Our country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 people in prisons.
2.3 million people today.
The United States is the most imprisoned country in the world.
There are seven million people who have been displaced on a voluntary or bail basis.
In my view, mass incarceration has fundamentally changed our world.
There's desperation, there's hopelessness about this in poor neighborhoods, in neighborhoods of different races.
One in three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 have been released to prison, on parole or on bail.
In cities across the country — Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington — 50 to 60 percent of white men have been jailed or paroled or jailed on bail.
Our system is polarized not only because of race, but also because of poverty.
Our justice system in this country does better than it does for the poor and the innocent if you are white and guilty.
The outcome determines wealth more than crime.
And yet, we seem to be comfortable.
The politics of fear and anger made us believe that it was someone else's fault. We were cut off.
And that seems interesting to me. I'm seeing some interesting improvements in my work.
My state, Alabama, like some other states, if you have a conviction, it gives you the right to vote.
Now in Alabama, 34 percent of black men lost their right to vote until they died.
Our predictions are that the rate of returning to the polls in the next decade will be about the same as before the Voting Rights Act.
And there's an amazing silence.
I represent children. Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world that sentences 13-year-old children to life imprisonment.
In this country, children are sentenced to death without parole.
These lawsuits are happening. It's the only country in the world.
I represent the people who are being served.
It's an interesting discussion about the death penalty.
In many ways, we've come to believe that the real question is whether people deserve to die for crimes they committed.
That's a perfectly reasonable question.
But depending on who we are, we can ask this question differently.
If we do that, the question we should ask is not whether people deserve to be killed for crimes they committed, but whether we deserve to be killed. I think that's amazing.
The death penalty in America is shaped by mistakes.
For every nine people who were executed, we found one person not guilty and that person was released.
Incredible error rate — one in nine people innocent. Incredible. In aviation, if one in nine flapping airplanes fell, we would not allow any flight to take place.
It's not our problem. It's not our greed. It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these issues.
I'm talking about race and whether or not we deserve to kill.
It's interesting, because when I teach my students about the history of African-Americans, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking to them about terrorism, the reconstruction process and the Second World War that followed.
They don't know very much about it.
But for African-Americans in this country, it was a time of terrorism.
Many communities were at risk of being lynched. They were afraid of being bombed. The terror threat that shaped their lives.
People of this age would come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you're giving talks, you're giving presentations, would you please stop telling people that we're facing terrorism for the first time after 9 / 11. Tell them we grew up with this." And of course that era of terrorism was followed by discrimination and years of racism.
And unfortunately, we don't usually like to talk about our problems in this country.
We don't like talking about our history.
And because of that, we don't really understand why we do what we do in history.
We have difficulty speaking from the truth, because I think we don't want to commit ourselves to truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that apartheid can't be solved without commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even during the genocide, there was commitment, but we failed in this country.
I was teaching a course on the death penalty in Germany.
It was fascinating, because after my presentation, one of the academics stood up and said, "It hurts deeply to hear what you're talking about.
There is no death penalty in Germany, and of course there can never be a death penalty in Germany. "
The room became quiet, and a woman said, "No way, we can never allow people to die systematically with our history.
It would be unreasonable for us to intentionally murder people. "And I thought about it. What would it be like to live in a world where the German state executed people, especially if these people were predominantly Jewish? I couldn't agree with that. That would be unreasonable.
But in this country, in the old southern states, we're executing people.
Here, the rate of conviction is 11 times higher if the victim is white than if the victim is black, and 22 times higher if the defendant is black than if the defendant is white.
The bones of people who were lynched were buried in the land of these states.
But there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is at risk. We don't care about these hard things, we care about positive and wonderful things. We care about creation. We care about technology. We care about creativity. We care about entertainment. But actually, these truths are shadowed by pain, by abuse, by alienation, by marginalization.
I think we need to combine the two.
Because in essence, we're talking about dedicating ourselves more to the problems of living in a more determined, more complex world than to being more hopeful.
For me, it means talking to the poor, the disadvantaged, the ones that haven't had the opportunity to come to TED.
Thinking about them should become part of our lives.
You know, in essence, we all have to believe things we don't see. We believe them. The more realistic we are, the more we believe the mind's path.
Innovation, creativity, development doesn't just come from ideas in our minds.
It comes from a belief in our hearts, and it comes from ideas that we build in our minds.
And I think that our mind-body connection allows us to care about not just the bright and glaring things, but also the dark and difficult things.
Vaclav Havel, the great Czech leader, talked about this. He said, "When we were trying to deal with oppression in Eastern Europe, we wanted all sorts of things, but what we needed most was hope, to turn our hearts, and sometimes to stand in hopeless places and witness."
That spirited orientation, I think, should be at the core of the TED community's commitment.
No disconnect from technology and design allows us to be fully human unless we care about suffering, about poverty, about incarceration, about injustice.
But I warn you: it's a lot harder to have that kind of identity than not caring about it. You'll understand that.
When I was a young lawyer, I had the great honor of meeting Rosa Parks.
Mrs. Parks would occasionally come to Montgomery, meet with her closest friends, older women, Johnnie Carr, who was the organizer of the Montgomery bus boycott — a great black woman — Virginia Durr, a white woman, Clifford Durr's wife, who represented Dr. King.
These women would come together and just talk.
And then Ms. Carr calls me and says, "Bryan, Ms. Parks is coming to town.
We'll meet and talk. Do you want to come and listen? "
And I'd say, "Of course I would." He'd say, "What are you going to do when you get here?" And I'd say, "I'm going to listen."
I would go there and listen.
This gave me energy and momentum, and I once stood there listening to these women, and a few hours later, Mrs. Parks turned to me and said, "Now Bryan, tell me what the Equal Justice Initiative is.
Tell me what you're trying to do. "
I started telling him, "We are trying to fight injustice.
We're trying to help people who have been wrongfully judged.
We're trying to reconcile bias and discrimination in judicial administration.
We're trying to help children who are not allowed on conditional evictions.
We're trying to do something about the death penalty.
We're trying to reduce the number of people in prisons.
We're trying to prevent mass incarceration. "
(Laughter) So Ms. Carr leaned over, put her finger in my face, and said, "That's why you must be very, very brave."
I believe the TED community needs to be really brave.
We have to find ways to deal with these difficulties, these problems, these pains.
Because our humanity depends on everyone's humanity.
I learned some very simple things doing my work.
He taught me some very simple things.
I've come to understand that each of us is more than the worst thing that we do.
I think that for everyone on the planet.
I think a liar is not the only liar when someone tells a lie.
I think anyone who buys something that's not theirs is not just a thief.
I think even if you kill somebody, you're not just a murderer.
That's why human dignity needs to be protected by law.
I also think that in this country and in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth. I don't believe that. I think in many places, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And I think it's beautiful, it's inspiring, it's exciting, but I think eventually we won't be judged by our technology, we won't be judged by our design, we won't be judged by our intelligence and our logic.
In the end, you don't judge the character of a society by how it treats the rich, the powerful and the privileged, the poor, the excluded, the imprisoned.
It's this attitude that allows us to understand our own depth.
I'm going to end with this story. Sometimes I push myself too much.
Like all of us, I'm getting tired.
Sometimes these ideas get them thinking in really important ways.
I represent children who are facing very harsh sentences.
I'm going to the prison to see my clients, who are 13 or 14 years old, who have been judged as adults.
And I'm thinking, how did that happen?
How can a judge turn you into something that you're not?
The judge decided that she was an adult, but I see this child.
I was thinking late one night, my God, if a judge can turn you into something you are not, they must have magical powers.
So Bryan has the magical powers of a judge.
You have to ask them to share them with you.
I didn't think it was right because I stood up late last night, so I started working on a proposal.
I had a 14-year-old, poor, black client.
I started working on a proposal, and the headline of my proposal was, "I will defend my poor, 14-year-old, black male client as a privileged, white 75-year-old corporate manager."
(Applause)
I've argued that there's incongruity in prosecutors, in police, in the judiciary.
I've also put this crazy line, "There is no inconvenience in this country, there is always inconvenience."
When I woke up the next morning, I wondered if I had seen this crazy pitch in my dreams or if I had actually written it.
Terrifyingly, not only did I write it, I sent it to court.
(Applause)
A few months went by, and I had just forgotten about it.
Eventually, I decided I was going to go to court and do this crazy defence.
I got in my car, and I felt really overwhelmed.
I got in my car, and I went to court.
I thought it was going to be difficult and painful.
I got out of my car and I started walking into the courtyard.
As he walked out the steps of the courthouse, he had an old black janitor man.
When she saw me, she came up to me and asked who I was. I said, "I'm a lawyer." She said, "Are you a lawyer?" I said, "Yes, sir."
The man came towards me and hugged me.
He whispered in my ear, "I'm proud of you." I tell you, it gave me energy.
It connected with my identity and the capacity of each person to contribute to society and different perspectives.
As soon as I walked in, the judge saw me coming in. He said, "Mr. Stevenson, did you write this crazy motion?" I said, "Yes, sir, I did." We started having arguments.
I wrote these crazy things.
And police officers, paralegals, clerks were coming in.
And before I knew it, people were filled with anger because we were talking about race, or poverty, or inequality.
With my eye open wide, I saw the janitor man going back and forth.
He was looking out the window and hearing all this confusion.
It went back and forth.
Finally, this older black man walked in with a concerned expression on his face and sat behind me, almost at the counsel's desk.
Ten minutes later, the judge ordered us to take a break.
At one point, the deputy police chief was annoyed by the janitor's entering the courtroom.
And she stood up, and she went to this old black man.
The old black man stood up and he looked at me and he looked at the deputy manager, and he said, "I've come to this room to tell this young man to keep his eyes on the prize and stand."
The reason I'm here at TED is because I think many of you are aware that the moral compass of the universe is right for justice.
You're aware that as humans, we can't fully evolve without paying attention to human rights and human dignity.
You see, our survival depends on the survival of the other.
You're aware that our visions of technology, design, entertainment, creativity, must be intertwined with humanity, compassion and justice.
And more than anything, for those of you who share that feeling, I'm here to tell you, keep your eyes on the prize, keep your eyes on the prize.
Thank you very much.
(Applause)
Chris Anderson: So you've obviously seen and heard this audience and this community want to help you with this.
What else can we do than write a check?
BS: Well, there are a lot of possibilities.
If you live in California, there's going to be a referendum this summer to try and get the money that we spend on criminalization elsewhere.
For instance, here in California, we're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years — a billion dollars.
Yet 45 percent of homicide cases don't result in incarceration, and 56 percent of rape cases don't result in incarceration.
We have the opportunity to change that.
The referendum calls for these funds to go to law enforcement and to go to safety.
I think there are opportunities all around us.
CA: There's been a huge drop in crime in America over the last three decades.
And part of that is rising incarceration rates.
What would you say to someone who said that?
BS: Well, the violent crime rate has remained relatively stable.
The increase in the proportion of people in solitary confinement hasn't actually occurred in this violent crime category.
It was the gratuitous war on drugs.
This is the dramatic increase in the population of our jails.
We've become obsessed with punishment.
We've got three sentencing laws, where we're going to hand these resources over to the actual victims, the cyclists, the so-called financial offenders, and they're going to be jailed forever.
I think we need to do more to help the real victims, not less.
Our current justice system does nothing for anybody.
I think this is the trend that we need to change.
(Applause)
CA: You've seen a lot of interest here. You've been an inspiration. Thank you so much for coming to TED. Thank you.
A few years ago, I started a program that would allow bright tech and design people to work in an environment that represented almost everything they were expected to hate, with a one-year leave, and we would employ them in government agencies.
This is called the For America program, and it's a little bit like a technology-based peacekeeping.
We select a few friends each year, and we have them work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we're sending them into the wilderness of our city buildings.
And they're creating great apps with city employees.
But actually what they're doing is they're showing what's possible today with technology.
Meet Al. Al is a fire hydrant in Boston.
Here, Al looks like he's looking for a date, but actually he's looking for someone to bury him and clean him up when he gets covered in snow, because he knows that when he's covered in more than a meter of snow, he's not very good at fighting fires.
Now how did Al get to the point of this very unique way of looking for help?
Last year, we had a team that worked on the program for America in Boston.
They were there in February, and it snowed a lot in February last year. And they realized that the city never gets out those fire hydrants.
But a particular friend of mine, Erik Michaels-Ober, actually noticed something else, which was that citizens used to sweep up the sidewalks in front of these fire hydrants.
So he did what a good computer programmer would do, he wrote an app.
This is a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant.
So when it snows, you're accepting that you're going to dig in the well and come out.
If you do that, you deserve to be named, and Eric thus named the first fire hydrant Al.
If you don't, someone can steal it from you.
This app also has cute little game dynamics in it.
This is a modest little app.
This is probably the smallest of the 21 apps that my friends wrote last year.
But this app does something that no other corporate technology can do. It's distributed across the Internet.
A guy in the Honolulu Department of I.T. sees this app and realizes that he can use it not for snow but to help residents adopt tsunami sirens.
It's very important that these tsunami sirens work, but people steal the batteries of the sirens.
So this fellow is getting city dwellers to check out the ants.
And then Seattle decided to use it as well, to get its residents to clear out clogged power stations.
Chicago has just rolled this out to get residents signed up to clean sidewalks when it snows.
We have nine other cities that are planning to use this.
This practice has spread naturally and organically, without conflict.
If you know anything about the technology of institutions, you know that that's not how things normally work.
It typically takes a few years to get a piece of software.
Last year, a team of us worked in Boston on a project that took three people about two and a half months to complete.
It was a way for parents to help decide which state school was best for their children.
We were then told that this project would cost at least two years and two million dollars if it was done in the usual way.
And that's nothing.
There's a project going on right now in California court systems that has cost taxpayers two million dollars and didn't work.
And projects like this are happening at every level of government institutions.
So this is a practice that takes a few days to write and then spreads over the Internet, and it's kind of a wake-up call to institutional tradition.
It's figuring out how to make organizations work better — not, as many people think, more like private companies.
And it's not like a tech company, but more like the Internet itself.
That's uninvited, that's open, that's productive.
And that's very important.
And what's even more important about this practice is that this new generation is showing how institutions address their problems — not as the problems of a broken institutional tradition, but as the problems of common purpose.
This is very good news because, it turns out, we're very good at collaborating with digital technology.
A very large group of people are now developing the tools that we need to be able to work together effectively.
Not just the folks in the For America group, but hundreds of people all over the country are writing civic apps for their own communities.
They are not giving up on their institutions.
They're disappointed, of course, but they're not complaining, they're fixing.
And these folks know something that we've been missing.
And that is that, if we get rid of our feelings about politics, about the tail ends of institutions and all the other things that really make us angry, then the core of institutions is something that, in the words of Tim O'Reilly, "The only thing we can't do together is do things we can't do."
A lot of people gave up on the institutions.
And if you're one of those people, I'd like to ask you to rethink, because things are changing.
Politics is not changing; institutions are changing.
Institutions are essentially taking their power away from us — remember, "us as people?" How we think about institutions is going to affect how this change happens.
When I started this program, I didn't know much about institutions.
And like a lot of people, I thought institutions were primarily about getting people elected to office.
Two years later, I've come to the conclusion that local government is particularly interested in spotted rats.
This is an information and consultation call center.
This is usually what you get when you call the relevant government number in your city.
If you're ever lucky enough to work at a call center in your city, as our team, Scott Silverman, has done with the program — and indeed, the whole team has done so — you can understand that people are looking at institutions with a wide range of issues that may even be related to a locked-in rat in their home.
Scott's going to respond to that call.
He writes "cattle rat" on the official knowledge base.
He can't find much.
It starts with animal control.
And finally, he says, "Look, would you open all the doors to your house and try to make sure that thing doesn't go off by playing music very loud?" And that worked.
Goodbye, Scott.
But this wasn't the end of the kosher slaughter.
There isn't just one call center in Boston.
There's an app, a Web app and a mobile app, called Citizens Connect. We didn't write this app.
It's the work of very smart people from the Boston office of urban mechanics.
One day — it's a true report — this came in: "In my trashcan, which is crawling with caterpillars.
I don't know if he was dead.
How do I get him out of here? "So what happened with the Citizens Connect app is that Scott was speaking directly to a very different person.
But in the Citizens Connect, everything is public, so everybody can see it.
And in this case, a neighbor saw this.
The next report we got said, "I walked into this location, found the trash can behind the house. Pied cuckoo? Check. Does it live? Yes. I laid the trash can next to it. walked back home. Goodnight, pied cuckoo."
(Laughter)
It's pretty simple. It's great. It's the digital meets the physical.
And it's also a great example of institutions starting to delegate some work to the public.
It's also a beautiful example of institutions becoming a platform.
I don't mean platforms in the technological sense.
I'm talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help others.
One citizen helped another citizen, and institutions played a key role.
It brought these two people together, and if they needed it, it could bring them together with institutional services, but the neighborhood is both a better and a cheaper alternative to institutional services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen our own community.
If we call animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics and institutions are not the same thing.
A lot of people understand that, but they see one input and another output.
It's our vote that counts in the system of institutions.
How many times have we elected a political leader — and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected — and then we sit back and we expect the institutions to reflect our needs, to reflect our values, and certainly not too much change?
That's because institutions are like a giant ocean, and politics is like its eight inches of top.
And under that surface is what we call the bureaucracy.
How do we say the word "hat"?
And that hate turns what we have, what we pay for, into something that works against us, that other thing, and then we deem ourselves powerless.
People seem to think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work for us, we have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real work of the state institutions is conducted.
We need to connect the mechanisms of government.
And that's what the OccupytheSEC movement does.
Did you see those guys?
This is a group of accountable citizens who wrote a very detailed 325-page report, which was in response to a request from the SEC to comment on the Financial Reform bill.
It's not politically active, it's bureaucratically active.
Now is the time for those of us who have given up on government institutions to ask ourselves about the world that we want to leave to our children.
We need to see the enormous challenges that they will face.
Do we really believe that we can get to that point without fixing this institution that acts on our behalf?
We can't do it without institutions, but we need institutions to be more effective.
The good news is that technology is allowing us to fundamentally reframe the functions of government institutions in a way that scales to empower civil society.
There's a generation out there that's grown up with the Internet, and they know that it's not that hard to do things together, they just know that you have to design systems right.
Our average age of friends is 28, and I am, jealously, almost a generation older than them.
This new generation is extremely reluctant to make their own voices heard.
They don't give us the who-to-speak challenge; they all speak.
They can articulate their ideas through all channels, all the time, and they do so.
So when they're faced with a problem with government institutions, they don't care so much about speaking up. They use their hands. They use their hands to write applications that make government institutions work better.
And these practices allow us to use our hands to make our communities better.
It could be mowing a fire hydrant, mowing a weed, turning over a trash can with a spring in it.
Well, we may have been shoveling out those fire hydrants a long time ago, a lot of people do.
But these apps are like digital reminders that we're not just consumers, that we're not just consumers who pay taxes and get services from government agencies.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we will not be able to fix government without fixing citizenship.
So my question for everybody here is: What we should do together, all of us together, when it comes to those big, important things, is we just going to be a crowd of voices, or are we going to be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
(Applause)
That might sound interesting to you, but I love concrete blocks.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868. The idea was simple: modules made of cement that would fit together to a fixed size.
Concrete blocks quickly became the most used building material in the world.
They allowed us to do things that were bigger than ourselves, like buildings, bridges, with brick.
The concrete block has essentially become the building block of our era.
Almost a century later, in 1947, LEGO came out with this.
They called it the Automatic Binding Tub.
And at the end of a few years, LEGO bricks became self-contained in every home.
It's been estimated that there are 400 billion bricks built so far — 75 bricks per person in the world.
You don't have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses, bridges, buildings.
LEGO made it accessible.
The concrete block at the core of LEGO has taken the building block of the world and turned it into the building block of our imagination.
Meanwhile, in the same year, the next revolution was about to unfold at Bell Labs, the next building block.
A transistor, a small plastic unit, would take us from static bricks mounted on top of each other and bring us into a world where everything was interactive.
A transistor like a concrete block would allow you to make very large, very complicated circuits with bricks.
The main difference was this: the transistor was only for experts.
I don't accept that the cornerstone of our time is for experts, so I decided to change that.
When I was at the Media Lab eight years ago, I started thinking about ways to give the power of engineers to artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing littleBits.
Let me show you how they work.
LittleBits are electronic modules that each have their own function.
They're designed to have light, sound, motor and sensor functions.
And one of the coolest features is that they can go over each other like magnets. So you can't put them wrong.
Green is output, blue is power, pink is input, and orange is wire.
So all you've got to do is put blue in green, and you can easily make bigger circuits.
You can put the beam in green and make light.
You can put a knob between them and slightly compress the light.
You can switch on the knob with a crank knob and turn the light on and off like this.
You can go a little bit further and add this bell and make a noise machine. I'll stop here.
In addition to this simple game, littleBits is really powerful.
Instead of programming, connecting with wires, or cutting, littleBits allow you to program with simple motions.
You just turn this knob to slow it down, to speed up that absorption, so it goes off faster or slower.
The idea behind LittleBits is a growing library.
We want to turn every interaction in the world into a ready-made briquette.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything should be accessible.
We give littleBits to kids and watch them play with them.
It's a wonderful experience.
And the cool thing is, they're starting to understand the electronics around them, which we don't do at school.
They understand, for example, how a nightlight works, or how an elevator door stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We're also taking LittleBits to design schools.
For example, designers who have nothing to do with electronics are starting to play with littleBits like a material.
Here's a bubble of goats and paper bottles.
(Coughs)
(Screaming)
So a few weeks ago, we took littleBits to RISD and told some designers with no previous background in engineering — cardboard, wood and paper — "Do something." And here's a project they made, which is a beaker ball that moves. (Laughter) This is my favorite project.
It's a dark-skinned octopus made out of Play-Doh.
(Laughter)
For those of you who aren't engineers, littleBits is just another material.
We want everybody to have access to this stuff.
So littleBits is open-source.
You can go to the website, download the design files, change it yourself.
We want to encourage innovators, we want to encourage creators, we want to encourage those who can benefit from it, because this is the world we live in, this is the interactive world we live in.
So, let's start creating.
Thank you.
(Applause)