Professor Calls 911, Says Murder of Girlfriend
Calling 911, University Professor Shannon Lamb said he shot his girlfriend to death and that the police had to come to the houses.
She said her "loved dog" was alive and probably sad, and that her family's phones could be found on her cell phone.
At home, police found Amy Prentiss's corpse dead and a handwritten note written on a white notebook. "I'm very sorry, but if I could get everything back, I loved Amy and she was the only woman who loved me until now," the officers said, noting that Lamb had signed the note.
There was no indication that Lamb, who was teaching two online classes for Delta State University in Mississippi, Cleveland, had already travelled 300 miles towards his school campus, where he thought police's beloved history professor Ethan Scmidt had been shot and killed in front of his office.
Delta State University police chief Lynn Buford said university officials were shooting at 10:18.
Lamb also called 911 immediately afterwards.
Another fatality occurred at the end of the day: Lamb committed suicide as police approached him.
A day after the school run saved students and professors from hiding behind closed doors, authorities were still investigating why Lamb was prompted to do so.
Investigators on both sides of the province, as well as students and staff who knew him, painted a picture of a talented but probably troubled teacher.
Students said they were looking forward to entering his class.
A policeman in Gautier, where Prentiss died, said Lamb had no criminal or criminal records.
In one of his books, Schmidt even mentioned Lamb as one of the "great people" with whom he shared his academic life.
Both taught in the Social Sciences and History Department, where 17 faculty members are listed, and many students attended both courses.
At the same time, there were signs of spiritual problems.
Brandon Beavers, one of the students who praised Lamb, said he was also anxious and nervous and seemed to have "a problem".
Another student, Mikel Sykes, said Lamb told him that he was struggling with stress in the late 2014-15 academic year.
Lamb had previously complained of health problems and asked Delta County University for medical permission.
This year he was teaching only two lessons on the internet.
Recent changes in the university's recruitment policies did not guarantee that she would automatically become a staff member, despite the fact that Lamb worked hard to earn her PhD.
University Dean William LaForge said he did not know there was a problem between Lamb and Schmidt, but "it is obvious that Lamb had something on his mind."
These are questions Lamb cannot answer anymore.
After the camp was evacuated, police traced Lamb's trip from Arkansas to Mississippi.
Washington County Attorney General Methel Johnson said his family had committed suicide with only 38 caliber weapons before Lamb was arrested in the back yard of a house about 1.5km from his home in the suburbs of Greenville, Mississippi.
Lamb's car was found dead on the highway.
Although it was not immediately clear why Lamb had visited the house, Johnson said he believed he knew those who lived there.
Lamb grew up in this region.
Lamb began working at the university of 3,500 students in the city of about 12,000 in 2009 and was teaching geography and education.
In the spring, he obtained his PhD in education.
A former friend of Lamb described her as smart, charismatic and entertaining.
When she met him as a partner, she said he was 15, while Lamb was 20.
She and her friends were in high school, and Lamb, who tried to teach her to play the guitar for a few years, was a great fan.
He was a man of high intentions at the time.
Hairston, now 40, lives in the Jackson suburbs of Brandon. "When he arrived, all the girls were gone," he said for Lamb.
Lamb and Prentiss have, of course, been together for some time.
While calling 911, Lamb said "I killed my wife," there is no official record of their getting married.
They had a dog named Lightning, who lived with them in a log house on the banks of a river in Gautier.
Police said the dog is in good condition.
Prentiss' ex-husband, Shawn O'Steen, said they divorced 15 years ago, but remained friends with Prentiss, and now have a 19-year-old daughter.
O'Steen also said her daughter was completely devastated.
He and his mother were great friends.
He said he has never met Lamb, but his daughter, Abigail, told him that she is interested in music and that she has heard him play blues.
Lamb and Prentiss met three years ago when Lamb and Abigail performed at a summer festival.
Lamb and Abigail then performed together at the general screenings.
O'Steen explained that his daughter wrote and sang her own music.
Prentiss was a nurse at various online companies.
Mike Shaffer, bartender and sometimes entertainment co-ordinator at The Julep Room, a lousy bar near Gautier, said he saw Lamb and Prentiss the last night of September 5th, after he finished playing the guitar and the fiddle to a small audience.
There was no indication there was a problem.
He said they are a very happy couple.
Sometimes we would break and throw a grenade at each other.
Both had a wonderful sense of humor.
Don Allan Mitchell, a professor of English at the same university, said the slain professor directed the first-graders' seminar programme and specialised in American indigenous and colonial history.
He was married and had three young children.
He graduated from Emporia County University in Kansas and headed a student solidarity group of his own.
About 900 people attended a candle-raising ceremony Tuesday night at the Delta State University campus in Cleveland, including academics, university employees, students and locals.
Schmidt's wife Liz and brother Jeff Schmidt attended the memorial ceremony, where the university choir performed the songs "Spring Morning Star" and "A Beautiful Zarafet".
Classes continue on Wednesday.
"We are trying to bring our students back," LaForge said.
The crisis is over.
It is time to heal the wounds.
Amy and Rogelio Solis reported from Cleveland, Mississippi.
The Associated Press correspondents Emily Wagster Pettus in Greenville, Mississippi, and Rebecca Santana in New Orleans contributed to this report.
This news text was corrected to reflect the police's statement that Lamb called 911 after he killed Schmidt, and that Lamb called 911 referring to Prentiss as his "wife", although there was no official evidence that the two were married.
Toys R Us Plans Less Summertime Equipment
Toys R Us said it will not hire as many seasonal workers this year as it did last year, but the toy and baby products manufacturer said it will give more work to its current employees and seasonal workers.
The company said it plans to employ 40,000 people in stores and distribution centres across the country, compared to 45,000 in the 2014 holiday season.
Most of the work will be part-time.
The company said interviews with the candidates would begin later this month, and the number of staff would increase from October to December.
Although the holiday shopping season is only months away, companies are gearing up to hire temporary workers to help them pack their stores and sell, send and distribute products.
Michael J. Fox Spokes Over "Marriage" With Princess Diana
The premiere of "The Return to the Future" is a very important moment for Michael J. Fox.
It was also important for personal reasons.
"We were waiting for members of the Royal Family to come in the cinema hall, and I suddenly realised the armchair next to me was empty, and I understood that Princess Diana would be sitting next to me.
The movie started and I realised that coming out with the Welsh Prince was a fake idea and far from my belt.
Back in Time, a documentary about "The Return to the Future", includes interviews with Fox, Lea Thompson and Christopher Lloyd, as well as with director Robert Zemeckis and executive producer Steven Spielberg.
The Return to the Future vision was first seen 30 years ago.
"This is the most exciting time travel movie ever made for me," he said.
In addition to the Back in Time VOD and DVD formats, it will be shown in a selection of cinemas.
UN Chief Says There Is No Military Solution in Syria
As for Russia's increasing military support for Syria, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the nearly five-year-old Syrian problem "cannot be solved through military intervention" and that more weapons would only lead to more violence and suffering for millions of people.
He also called on all sides, including the divided UN Security Council, to meet and hold constructive talks in a bid to find a political solution to the problem.
Ban said at a press conference Wednesday that he plans to meet with the foreign ministers of the five permanent council members -- the United States, China, Russia, Britain and France -- to discuss Syria at the UN General Assembly's executive session later in the month.
They expressed deep regret that the division among the Syrian people "makes the problem unresolved" by regional forces.
Ban invited the five permanent members to join in the Syrian crisis, as in the case of the Iranian nuclear deal.
8 Polls Show Donald Trump's Seriousness
Some tried to label him a rogue.
Others defended him as if they were madmen.
And some are backing the internal boom.
Some Republicans tried to bring down Donald Trump in the polls, but it (now) didn't work.
The 11 most recent national polls placed Donald Trump's lead in double digits, and some are starting to seriously question the real estate emperor's chances of running.
Of course, it is early in the election cycle.
None of this means that Trump will win the Republicans' race for president.
During these times, experts say, Rick Perry's rise in 2011 was also a reason for Herman Cain's rise, both failing to win the nomination process in a single county.
And there are many reasons for the difficult general elections.
But outside groups, such as Jeb Bush's Super PAC group and the economic conservative Growth Club, are noticing Trump's permanent strength and are starting to spend their dollars to bring it down.
There are some recent poll results showing that the real estate emperor isn't just temporary.
Trump's preference rates have changed by 180 degrees.
A poll conducted at Monmouth University just before Donald Trump announced his candidacy in mid-June showed that two out of ten Republicans had a positive opinion for the real estate emperor.
In mid-July, it was 40 per cent.
In early August, it was 52 per cent.
Six out of ten Republicans now have a positive opinion of Donald Trump.
Of the 10, Kabaca says three have negative opinions.
And these numbers are high in early life.
Last week, a poll in Quinnipiac, Iowa, showed that 60 per cent of Republicans there preferred Donald Trump.
Two-thirds of GOP voters may be satisfied with the Trump nomination.
In a CNN/ORC poll last week, 67 per cent of Republicans said they would be "enchanted" or "surprised" if Trump ran.
Only two out of ten said they would be "sad" if he ran.
Only Ben Carson has the same level of euphoria as Trump (43 per cent said they would be "euphoric", compared to 40 per cent for Trump).
The other person closest to Coscula?
Only 21%, compared to Marco Rubio.
Meanwhile, 47 per cent of Republican voters said that if the institution's favourite, Jeb Bush, ran, they would either "not be with me" or "would be with me".
The majority of Republicans do not see Trump's resignation as a problem.
As Donald Trump is being criticised for his language and demeanor, 52 per cent of Republicans questioned by the Monday ABC/Washington Post polls think the real estate tycoon has the right skills to lead.
The same figure applies to Iowa, where the country's first party council will be held, and 52 per cent of Republicans, according to last week's Quinnipac, think he will be the person to lead.
Still, 44 per cent think he lacks the personality to serve effectively, and six out of 10 independents, according to the ABC/Post, say his move does not suit the White House.
Republican voters are getting used to the idea.
When political pundits put on their hats, Republican voters think Trump is serious.
When asked who is the best candidate to win the GOP nomination, according to a CNN/ORC poll last week, four out of ten said Trump is the best.
It's a change since late July, when four out of ten people invested their money in Jeb Bush.
Full disclosure: In the past, the crystalline circle of GOP voters was not clear.
During the last round of voting at the time, four out of ten Republicans thought that Rick Perry would run, while only 28 per cent chose the late Mitt Romney.
Still, the majority of GOP voters appear to agree with Trump's election campaign.
Even if Republicans gather around another candidate, Trump still beats almost everyone.
Some experts point out that the sporadic area could also contribute to Trump's prominence, and it is a fact that anti- Trump support is scattered among more than a dozen candidates.
However, a Monmouth University poll conducted at the beginning of September suggests that in the event of a head-to-head match between Trump and many Republican candidates, Trump has the support of the majority on each occasion.
He beat Carly Fiorina by 13 points, Marco Rubio by 14 points, Walker by 15 points, Jeb Bush by 19 points and finally Rand Paul, John Kasich and Chris Christie by 33 points each.
Together with Ted Cruz.
The only candidate who can beat him?
In the event of a possible head-on offence, Ben Carson rated the businessman at 19.
The vast majority of Donald Trump's supporters say they made their decision.
A new CBS/ NYT poll released on Tuesday shows that more than half of the voters supporting Trump said they had secured their vote.
In short, much can be done to change this and no one can say that they will really change their mind.
Forty-six per cent said they had left the door open to change.
Still, Trump's biggest opponent is brain surgeon Ben Carson, but voters who say they made their decision are twice as likely to vote for him.
Six out of ten Republicans agree with Trump on immigration.
Since Donald Trump called immigrants from Mexico "savagers" in his campaign ad two months ago, the topic at the beginning and center of his 2016 talks has been immigration.
Some think that Trump's many speeches have driven important Spanish voters away from the Republican Party and will harm rebranding efforts.
However, six out of ten Republicans agree with Trump on immigration issues, according to a new ABC/Post poll conducted on Monday.
So as long as the issue of immigration remains on the agenda, it appears that Trump will remain on the agenda.
Anger over the government is rising to new heights.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson receive roughly half of the Republican vote, largely because of their positions outside.
In the new ABC/Post poll conducted on Monday, six out of ten Republicans said they would like someone from outside rather than someone with government experience.
And they're angry at Washington.
A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll conducted in Iowa two weeks ago showed that three out of four Republicans in Iowa were angry with the Republicans in Congress, 54 per cent were "unfriendly" and 21 per cent were "extremely angry".
Prime Minister's Jeremy Corbyn to address for first time
Mr Corbyn's appearance on the Prime Minister's Questions programme was widely expected since he was elected.
New Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn will address Prime Minister's Questions for the first time, following David Cameron.
Mr. Corbyn will ask six questions in the short afternoon, and his performance is closely scrutinised by the media and Labour Party MPs.
The weekly show called for "less theatre and more reality".
He also said he could leave some sessions to his colleagues.
This match will be the first parliamentary test of Mr. Corbyn's leadership, followed by his appointment of a shadow cabinet and his speech at the TUC annual congress on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, the Labour Party leader's silence during the reading of the national anthem during a commemoration ceremony Tuesday to mark the 75th anniversary of the British War has been criticised by some Tory lawmakers and is the subject of front-page reports in the newspapers.
Corbyn's decision not to attend national anthem draws attention
A spokesman for Mr. Corbyn said he stood in "a solemn silence" and appreciated "the heroism of the Royal Air Force in the Battle of Britain".
However, a member of Mr. Corbyn's shadow cabinet, Owen Smith, told the BBC Two's News Night programme that he would advise the Labour leader to sing the national anthem "independently" out of his belief in the abolition of the monarchy.
Nearly a dozen figures who were overshadowed by differences in the economy, defence and foreign affairs refused to serve on Mr. Corbyn's top team, while less than a sixth of those in the parliamentary party supported him as a leader.
BBC political correspondent Robin Brant notes that political differences within the Labour Party have also begun to "appear", including Mr Corbyn's appointment to the post in the European Union and the government's application of a ceiling on aid.
At the TUC conference, Mr Corbyn said the Labour Party had proposed new changes to remove the upper limit altogether.
Hours later, shadow labour and pensions minister Mr. Smith said the party was only against the government reducing the upper limit to 26,000 pounds and that it was "very clear" on that issue.
Mr. Corbyn will be the fifth Labour Party leader to meet with David Cameron at the parliamentary helm since he became Conservative Party leader.
The Labour Party leader promised a different approach to politics, and said he was "people-oriented" and had received more than 30,000 recommendations to ask Mr. Cameron.
Islington North MP told the prime minister that the Questions programme is very confrontational and will focus on poverty, inequality and the challenges facing young people, rather than on "picking up" and swaying words.
When he is not present, for example when Cameron travels abroad, Angela Eagle, the minister of Commerce, will represent him on the Prime Minister's Questions programme, Corbyn said.
He has even suggested that other colleagues visit the gallery from time to time, and has contacted House of Commons spokesman John Bercow to discuss the matter.
When he took the lead in 2005, Mr. Cameron often told the prime minister that he wanted to distance himself from the "Doll's Game" style politics associated with the Questions programme, but a few years later he admitted that he had failed in this regard.
Since its launch in 1990, the Prime Minister's Questions programme has been used as a basic yardstick for measuring leaders' ability to make decisions, their domination of the House of Representatives and their positions among MPs, but some critics have said it is caricaturised and requires far-reaching reforms.
' çekildi in Joburg': Homeless youth receive photography training
Downtown Johannesburg is a difficult place for the homeless.
However, a group of former street children found a way to acquire new skills and make ends meet.
I was photographed in Joburg, a non-profit school that teaches young homeless people to take a picture of their neighbourhood and make a living from it.
BBC News was introduced to one of the project's first graduates.
How to share your story, photos and videos with BBC News
As BBC News, we bring you daily news from around the world via TV, radio and the internet, but we also want to learn about events that interest you.
Your role in reporting is very important.
Whether it's last-minute news or exclusive news, your contribution can make a difference.
Have you experienced or encountered an incident with a reporting value?
Has anything strange, unusual or extraordinary happened there?
Is there a story you would like to tell or something you think we should follow?
Do you have news you would like to talk about around the world?
What topics would you like to comment on?
Or do you want to know what others are talking about?
The terms and conditions for sending content to the BBC.
You can send your contributions to us in one of the following ways:
Contact Us on Twitter
We can view your tweets, your Twitter username and post them in BBC reports.
Buy us a text message from WhatsApp
You can send your photos, messages or videos to our WhatsApp number: +44 7525 900971
In some cases, your message and the images you send can be used on BBC broadcasts.
We will publish your name as you specify it to us (unless you request it), but we will never publish your telephone number.
You can send your photos and videos or text 61124.
If you are not in the United Kingdom, you can send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100.
You can download the BBC News app on your iOS or Android operating system devices, and use the appropriate buttons in the app to send us your views or contents.
We look forward to your story and comments at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk e-mail address
We are trying to read all your e-mails, but because we receive a lot of e-mails every day, it is not always possible to reply to all of them one-on-one.
Files of photos, videos or audio can be sent to us via yourpics@bbc.co.uk e-mail
If we broadcast your material on BBC programmes or on the Internet, we will publish it as you have given us your name (if you do not request it), but we will never publish your e-mail address.
You can also send your videos and photos.
If you do not request otherwise from us, we will publish your name as you have indicated to us.
Sterling rises amid faster wage growth in United Kingdom
Following data showing rising wages in the United Kingdom, the pound saw a rapid rise, while the FTSE 100 index rose following a buyout offer for the SABMillers.
Non-cash wages in the United Kingdom increased by 2.9% year-on-year between May and July.
The rate is the fastest since 2009 and is also seen as one of the leading indicators for possible interest rates hikes.
The sterling rose by more than 1% against the US dollar to $1,550.5 and by 0.84 % against the euro to €1.3730.
The FTSE 100 Index rose 1.49%, to 6,229.21 points.
The most visible in this upswing were the SABMillers, which registered a 20% increase with an attractive acquisition offer from rival EU InBev.
This bid will unite the world's two largest breweries and bring together renowned brands such as Budweiser, Stella Artois, Peroni and Grolsch.
The Burberry shares went up 0.9%, due to positive profit reports from the rival luxury retail group Richemont.
Richemont's current sales figures also showed higher-than-expected sales, as well as a resurgence of sales in China, a key market for Burberry.
The mining giant Glencore's shares rose 5% after it announced it had earned $2.5 billion from its assigned share sale as part of the company's debt reduction strategy.
The stakes of the paper and packaging group Mondi were among the most depreciated, with a 4.3% loss after Goldman Sachs lowered its offer for the company to "Sat".
JD Sports' stake increased by 3.1%, after the company announced that its six-month pre-tax profit had risen by 83% to 46.6m pounds.
JD Sports boss says higher salaries could hurt expansion
JD Sports Executive Board Chairman Peter Cowgill said a higher minimum wage for workers in the UK could mean "more spending power in the pockets of potential consumers".
That spending power, however, cannot surpass the high employee costs in his own company, he said.
The costs will affect JD Sports' expansion plans, which could mean less extra work, he added.
Metcash launches public campaign to fight Aldi extortion
Metcash is trying to protect IGA stores in South Australia and Western Australia from an Aldi attack.
Market merchant Metcash has launched a public campaign to defend its retail outlets in South and West Australia against a $700m Aldi ransom.
Aldi is preparing to open the first of up to 120 stores with two distribution centres in South Australia and West Australia at the beginning of next year, while Metcash and IGA supermarkets are strengthening ties with local food suppliers and are trying to create the IGA brand with mainstream stream and social media marketing and events, such as the Adelaide fair.
IGA retailers and suppliers are also contributing with brands such as the Dunsborough-based ice cream producer Simmo, which serves a tasty test at IGA stores, and with store owners selling discounted tickets to the South Australian football league to their loyal customers.
Food, liquor and equipment merchant Metcash is expected to wrap up its annual investor strategy day on September 29th, offering more details about its defence strategy.
The risk is high, because South Australia and Western Australia represent almost 30% of Metcash's IGA store footprint and produce higher margins of profit than the IGA network in Metcash's eastern counties.
South Australia and West Australia store owners are negatively narrow-minded and IGA retailers enjoy a much stronger market share than they have in NSW, Victoria and Queensland; 30% more in the GA and 24% more in the BA than in the Eastern provinces.
Analysts such as Morgan Stanley, however, believe that Aldi will take over about 5% of the market in the 12 months after opening its first stores in the two counties, taking the sales away from the existing players, but generally from independent retailers.
In a report released this week, Morgan Stanley analyst Tom Kierath predicted that IGA retailers will lose $360m in a year, and Metcash will lose $250m by the end of 2016.
This is based on Aldi's estimate that he will open 25 stores in the US and 30 in the UK next year, with sales of $500m and $600m in each market.
Loss of food and market sales and Metcash's high fixed-cost base volumes could cost Metcash about $13m in pre-tax and interest earnings, he said.
At the same time, Metcash is losing market share in the eastern counties -- primarily Aldi and Coles -- despite a recent study by Roy Morgan, which found that IGA customers are the most loyal.
According to Morgan Stanley, Metcash's food and market sales will drop by 3.8% in 2016, by 4.1% in 2017 and by 2.1% in 2018, bringing its market share down from 14% in 2015 to 10.3% in 2020.
Last week, the founder of the Magellan Financial Group, leading fund manager Hamish Douglass, said at a working dinner in Melbourne that Metcash "most likely could disappear in a decade".
Metcash declined to respond to Mr. Douglass' comments.
However, it appears that a Metcash board member contacted Mr. Douglass last week.
IGA's market share has dropped from 18% to 14% since 2010, and Metcash's profits from the food and market business, which supplies about 1,200 IGA retailers, have fallen by 43% since 2012, indicating that the turnover rate is decreasing as sales and margins come under pressure.
But the wholesaler is resistant, investing more than $150m annually in the shelf prices that match hundreds of products a week at Coles and Woolworths, helping IGA retailers renew their stores, adding faster-growing fresh food and offering a better specially-tagged market to the general public.
Price matching and store renewal programmes are starting to yield results, and the wholesaler is expected to return to a basic profit growth in 2017, for the first time in four years, says Ian Morrice, president of Metcash's executive board.
Thanasi Kokkinakis supported by Tennis Australia chief Steve Healy
Thanasi Kokkinakis deserves much criticism for his behaviour.
According to Tennis Australia head Steve Healy, Thanasi Kokkinakis was on the side of his friend Nick Kyrgios, who suffered accidental damage in the last storm that struck the area, and deserves much criticism.
A young member of the talented duo, usually referred to as "The Special Ks", Kokkinakis found himself under the spotlights that did not welcome him, as Kyrgios had a crushing crush on Stan Wawrinka at the Montreal Masters.
In a tough afternoon qualifier in Cincinnati, Kokkinakis and opponent Ryan Harrison were separated twice by the referee, who said, "Wawrinka, I came over Kyrgios and I should go over that boy."
In the latest US Open, when he was seen breaking his net potentially to the dismay of Richard Gasquet, he was firmly defended by Healy.
The young player is currently competing for the Davis Cup semi-final with Sam Groth in Glasgow to be the second-ever singles player behind Bernard Tomic for England.
"What I feel very enthusiastically about is that I think that Thanasi is a bit being challenged," Healy said.
When he closes the door in the United States and loses, he breaks his pitch, but because he is disappointed with himself, he is not the first player to break, and I know that Thanasi is sufficiently aware that he should not be proud of it.
In the United States, however, he did quite well under very provaactive conditions, with Harrison and others, and I think he deserves a lot of praise.
He has a great team around him, a great family, and I think there's been a little too much going on.
Although he is 19, he is very mature, works hard and fits into the team, has no problems with other players, is well-respected in the gym, trains hard, is a very balanced and mature young man and, in my opinion, deserves to be judged on his own merits.
He also backed the decision to welcome Kyrgios for the crucial draw; starting on Friday, he explained that what is true for everyone is "to make a mutual decision" but to support Canberran to return to the team as a long-term coach.
"We first of all want the team to focus on the whole match, not on the clashes around [Kyrgios]," Healy said.
And I think that, as people like Nick, Federer and Murray have said, the child grew up very quickly, he grew up in front of the people, he made some terrible mistakes and deserved all the criticism he received, but we are trying to support him, we are trying to help him understand the consequences of his actions, and sometimes when he is not in the spotlight, he thinks that I am fit, that it is best for the team and for him.
European migrant crisis: Hungary declares emergency, blocks borders, detains migrants
Hungary declared a state of emergency Tuesday, closing its southern border with Serbia and arresting illegal immigrants in an effort to stem the flow of migrants.
Hundreds of migrants piled up in an unbiased area, creating chaos at the border and provoking angry Serbian officials.
Escaped from violence at home, migrants set up tents on the roadside and settled in them for an indefinite period between the two countries' checkpoints.
However, their anger was growing.
As a policeman flew over the helicopter, the immigrants shouted "Open the border!" and insulted the Hungarian riot police.
Some refused in protest over the water and food they were given.
Serbia's foreign minister says it is "unacceptable" for Hungary to send back migrants while the current influx of migrants from Macedonia and Greece continues.
(Serbia) wants to be part of the solution, not harmed in the process.
Talks with Brussels and other countries will have to be held in the coming days," said Ivica Dacic in Prague.
The tension at the Hungarian-Serbian border came just one day after the 28-nation bloc failed to agree on a common immigration policy during a meeting in Brussels.
The ministers agreed to share responsibility for the 40,000 immigrants who rushed to Greece and Italy, and voiced hope that an agreement would be reached next month or by the end of the year to admit another 120,000 immigrants, including those from Hungary, to EU countries.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Austria urged on Tuesday that an EU summit be held next week to discuss the migrant crisis facing the continent.
Hungary has little hope that Brussels or its neighbours will take any concrete action on the issue.
Tuesday's emergency call in the two southern regions gives authorities broad powers to fight the crisis, including closing roads if necessary and speeding up trials against asylum seekers.
On the other hand, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said his country plans to draw barbed wire along its border with Romania to stop the flow of migrants from the country after it has drawn barbed wire to the border with Serbia.
CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata announced that prison inmates were even involved in barbed wire cutting between Hungary and Serbia.
Over the past few months, Hungary has become a major shortcut and transit point for European Union countries, many of whom are asylum seekers fleeing the wars in Syria and other Middle Eastern countries.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban insists that many of the immigrants are "economic migrants" seeking to move to Europe for a better life, rather than innocent people who come to escape war -- a view that is diametrically opposed to that of other EU nations, including Germany.
Laws enforced at midnight in Hungary make it a criminal offence to cross or damage a 4m (13 feet) long barbed wire drawn at the border with Serbia, as well as imposing stiffer penalties on human traffickers.
"Due to the situation caused by mass migration, the Hungarian government has declared a state of emergency," government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs told reporters in the southern city of Szeged.
One thing is clear: it is a crime to cross the border illegally.
Although the deployment has yet to be approved by parliament, Associated Press reporters in the region say they have seen dog and vehicle soldiers armed with heavy weapons there for days.
Orban's homeland security adviser, Gyorgy Bakondi, said authorities have arrested 15 people who crossed the border and entered the country, along with 45 others who tried to cross the border.
They crossed by damaging barbed wire, and are now under police supervision and under new laws charged with committing crimes.
Officials are quickly repairing the barbed wire.
Hungarian officials also blocked two of the seven border crossings with Serbia on Tuesday morning, using a railway carriage covered with barbed wire to close one of the crossings.
The chaos was reflected at the main border crossing point near Roszke when Hungarians activated a small metal container where people were packed and unpacked for processing.
Twenty people managed to get in, but thousands were left out.
Another group of migrants said they would not accept food and water supplies until they are allowed to enter Hungary by blocking the highway connecting Serbia and Hungary.
Election 2016: Hillary Clinton's lead over Bernie Sanders cut by half in national elections
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues to lead the Democratic race for the national nomination, but Sen. Bernie Sanders catches up.
Clinton now holds 47% of the Democratic vote (down from 58%), while Sanders is second with 27% (up from 17%).
Vice-President Joe Biden, who has yet to say if he is in the race for the presidency, gets 15% of the democratic vote.
More than five months before the main races began, most Democrats said it was too early to decide which candidate they would support.
Clinton's supporters, however, are more firmly in favour of her own election than the other contenders.
Since last month's CBS Report, Clinton has been losing ground among a number of demographic groups, while Sanders has made some gains.
Clinton is ahead by a large margin between women and moderates, but that gap is closing.
Support among men has dropped sharply, with Sanders trailing only 5 points behind.
Clinton's Democratic electorate, under age of 50, has evaporated, and she and Sanders are now on an equal footing.
Clinton, however, leads by a large margin among elderly voters.
Last month, Clinton was ahead of Sander by two-digit margins among liberals, but now he leads them by 5 points.
Nearly half of the nationally elected democratic voters say they will passionately support Clinton if the party nominates her.
A quarter would back it on some conditions, while another 15 per cent would only support it if it ran.
Sixty-one percent do not support Clinton.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Clinton's current supporters tend to back her particularly passionately.
Opinions among those who do not currently support Clinton are even more mixed -- only a quarter can support her passionately.
Among Democrats, 48 per cent said they would passionately support Clinton, while the smaller Republican front-runners speak of Donald Trump (35 per cent).
When Clinton's supporters are asked open-ended questions about why they want her to run, the first answers are that she has the right experience (16 per cent), that it is time to choose a woman president (13 per cent) and that she is the best candidate for the job (10 per cent).
Clinton's supporters also speak out about their relationship with Bill Clinton (9 per cent).
Reconciliation and selectivity in the resolution of problems are among the criteria.
As a potential vice president for the presidency, 57 per cent of Democrat voters may want to see him in the race, but a third of them don't.
When asked by voters about the second election of a candidate for the Democratic Party, Biden came in first.
More than half of Clinton's supporters agree with Sander that Biden could well run for re-election.
If Biden does not enter the race for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton's lead will increase over that of Sanders; in a race where Biden is 20 points, his level will rise to 30 in a race where he is not.
Fifty-five per cent of democratic voters see Clinton as the best candidate with the best chance of winning the general elections, but that figure has dropped from 78 per cent last month.
Biden was second in this respect, but only slightly behind, but the percentage of those who saw him as the most likely candidate increased.
When asked what is the most important thing in a candidate, again the Democrat voters put the issues before the eloquence.
Like last month, no Democratic voter candidate or candidate appears unacceptable as a candidate for this primary electorate.
Democratic candidates, or their candidates, fare well among the primary voters of their own parties, in some of the main characteristics.
The majority considers Clinton, Sanders and Biden to be honest and trustworthy, as well as people with strong leadership credentials.
While Biden ranked first among the three in terms of integrity, Clinton was strong in leadership.
Thirty per cent of the Democrat voters said Clinton was not honest and trustworthy, half said the same for Sanders (15 per cent), while 27 per cent had no opinion.
Democratic voters also generally see Clinton, Sanders and Biden in line with their ideology.
On all measures, a quarter of the Democrat voters have no idea about Sanders.
While the State Department continues to ask questions about his use of his personal email address and server during his tenure, most Democrat voters are satisfied with the explanation of the issue and say their views on it have not been affected.
But this is a different story in the general American public.
Half of Americans are no longer satisfied with his statements, while only a third are satisfied.
Public opinion split in March, shortly after the problem was pegged.
Most Americans say the email bickering does not influence their general view of Clinton, while negative opinions have increased, according to 36 per cent.
They are mostly Republicans, and more than six out of ten say their views of Clinton have been shattered.
Although Clinton is viewed as honest and trustworthy by voters of her own party, the issue is still a problem among eligible voters in general: Only 32% see her as honest and trustworthy, down eight points from last month and 15 points since May.
Sixty-two per cent of eligible voters do not find him honest or reliable.
At the same time, 55 per cent of registered voters across the country do not find Trump honest or trustworthy.
At the same time, both Clinton and Trump are doing well in terms of leadership.
Of the six candidates taking part in the test, Biden, Carson and Bush got the best marks for integrity.
Moreover, they often find Sanders honest, but as in Carson's case, most have no idea.
The margin of error in the samples of 351 Democratic voters is 6%.
Ben Carson right behind Donald Trump in national polls
Ben Carson trails Donald Trump closely, according to newest CBS News/New York Times poll
Nearly half of voters favoured the two candidates, while the other candidates had little chance, the new poll shows.
Republican voters across the country continue to back Trump in large numbers, with support from 23% in the latest CBS poll, conducted before the debate on Fox News last month, climbing to 27% in the poll released on Tuesday.
However, support for Carson rose from 6% to 23% in the same period.
It also found that Carson fared quite well among demographic groups, with support among university-educated Republican voters far higher than that of Trump.
Voter turnout, with the exception of Carly Fiorina and Ohio Governor John Kasich, has dropped to 2%, down from 10% last month with Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin.
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Florida Senator Marco Rubio are third with 6%.
The newest poll, conducted among 376 eligible Republican voters, showed a 6% margin of error, and was conducted in September.
The latest CNN/ORC poll, released last week, raised Carson's support among Republicans to 19%, well behind Trump's 32% support.
The latest poll by the ABC News/Washington Post puts Trump seriously ahead of Carson.
Faced with Carson's rise last week, Trump continued to scold the retired brain surgeon for questioning his beliefs, though he apologised.
At a campaign stop in Iowa, Trump said last Saturday "we need energy."
Five-brother Baruch College accused of killing first-year student
Murder cases against five people opened almost two years after the death of a college student during a brotherhood service in the Pocono Mountains, Pennsylvania.
Chun "Michael" Deng was severely attacked at a September 2013 initiation service by the New York City Baruch College Pi Delta Psi brotherhood and, according to police, contributed to his death by delaying his hospitalisation.
Officials reported that his eyes were shut, a backpack full of 30 tonnes of sand was wrapped around his back, and a wreath was constantly worn as he tried to walk towards the target in a frozen area.
He complained that his head hurt over time and later lost consciousness.
Members of the Pi Delta Psi brotherhood did not call 911 after Deng died and, according to police, waited an hour before taking him to hospital.
Meanwhile, according to Police Commissioner Chris Wagner, who spoke at the press conference, they changed Deng's clothes, searched Google for his signatures and contacted Andy Meng, the national head of the brotherhood, seeking advice.
At this point, commissioner Wagner said, members began to store personal belongings and presented the goodness of brotherhood to Michael Deng.
He could not be re-enacted and died the next morning.
According to an autopsy report, Deng sustained trauma to the head, neck and thigh caused by repeated blows to an unsharp object.
Douglas Fierberg, a lawyer representing Deng's family, explained that many families were destroyed as a result of the Brotherhood acceptance ceremony; at least one student has died every year since 1970.
Brotherhoods and members should be held accountable, and this step by the authorities is very important.
The Monroe County grand jury recommended that the first five members be tried on charges of third-degree murder.
Thirty-two members of the brotherhood, including Mr Meng, will also be charged with the acceptance ceremony and criminal conduct in connection with the attack.
At Tuesday's press conference, Wagner said, "We will hold responsible not only those involved, but also those who organised it officially or informally."
Baruch College banned brotherhood, and national brotherhood ended its relationship with this local unit.
What happens when the Fed raises interest rates?
With higher interest rates, the stock market is skyrocketing, raising bond yields, and the economy is sliding.
We know this.
What we do not know is when all this will happen and how long it will last.
History, especially in economics, provides little information about timing.
The reduction took as long as 86 months, as it did after the first interest rate hike, about 11 months.
The US Central Bank's aggressiveness to raise interest rates by the Fed has often, if not always, been decisive in the reaction of economic and financial assets.
That's why US central bank officials are strongly stressing that investors should focus on how long the normalisation process will last, rather than when interest rates will start to increase.
It is a fact that variables exist.
Market participants, however, may think the interest rate hike has been exaggerated.
"It is inevitable that the Fed's first interest increase since the global financial crisis is interpreted by some as signaling that the'short money' period is over," Capital Economics Global Chief Economist Julian Jessop told clients.
On the contrary, we do not expect US interest rates to gradually return to a more normal level, but it appears that there has been a seismic hit, feared by many of the levels that are still low.
Still, it won't have an impact.
Based on past trends, some areas of the economy may respond as follows:
As the market has shown in recent months, waiting for higher interest rates can make things unstable for a while.
The impact would not be so pronounced at the time of the rate hike.
"It appears that the yields have been stagnating for 12-24 months after the first interest increase, which may reflect the stagnation of monetary policy," Deutsche Bank analysts said in a new study of what will happen after the Fed increases.
According to an up-to-date analysis presented by Nuveen Asset Management analyst Bob Doll at Barron's, the market mostly registered sharp appreciations in the last 35 seconds -- around 14 per cent -- and then moved in a straight line towards interest increase after 250 days (an average 2.6 per cent increase), and then returned to normal after 500 days, with an average yield of 14.4 per cent in the last six cycles.
The effect on the stocks is likely to become more pronounced in the later stages of the interest-raising cycle, with the downside likely to be negligible, Deutsche said.
Regression is a fact of economic life, but interest increases help them.
The Fed faces some situations that are up-to-date, that have not existed before, and that will accelerate the downturn.
The most notable is that unofficial domestic borrowing is at its lowest level so far for the Fed's interest rate hike.
According to Deutsche Bank, the interest rate has increased 118 times since 1950, falling only twice from a nominal year to a real year domestically, below 4.5 per cent.
Although the second quarter of 2015 has been at 3.6 per cent, this is hardly likely to be permanent, and the third quarter stands at 1.5 per cent, according to the Atlanta Fed.
According to Deutsche, raising interest rates in such a delicate economic environment could be risky and raise the question of "will it be different this time?"
Market participants, who have been waiting a year for the Fed's interest rate hike, will take note of it this week at the meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, which ends on Thursday.
Although most strategists and economists believe the FOMC can endorse an increase at this meeting, the term trade only points to the possibility of 25 per cent.
"In our research since the 1950s, all upward spirals have occurred to date, with a super-evolving upward spiral and the informal domestic product rapidly reaching pre-recession peaks after an initial pickup," the report said.
On the contrary, it was a pick-up at an unprecedented slow pace, the worst since a decade ago.
The current cycle is the longest one the Fed has anticipated since the last downturn -- the longest in February was 35 months, while the current cycle is in its 74th month and continues.
With interest rates expected to rise in the market, fixed income has become unstable, and the order is a bit self-sustaining.
The real difference is that when the Fed policy changes course, the effect is faster on bonds than on stocks.
When the first rise/dip of the cycle comes, the bond yields do not immediately change direction.
At the end of the cycle of interest increases, bond yields fall," Deutsche said.
According to Charles Schwab strategists, interest rate increases will bring the yields between longer and shorter-term bonds closer, helping to heal the wound.
Kathy Jones, an analyst at Schwab, said that we analysed high yield bonds as they usually perform better in such an environment, but "we are still careful about reaching yields."
Surprised, Jones said the markets are already adapting to the Fed's policy expectations.
"In addition to the strength of the dollar and lower inflationary expectations, there are various signals that the market is being regulated according to tighter monetary policy," he wrote.
Short-term interest rates are rising, productivity is up, credit spreads have expanded and volatility has increased -- all characteristics of the market when the EDF policy is tightened.
In general, companies doing most of their business in the United States will benefit because interest rates will rise and local products will become more attractive.
Multinational corporations with large debts will be in worse shape, as rising dollar products will make them more expensive on the global market, and their debts will be even more expensive.
"History shows that 'quality' stocks may experience low performance at the start of such an increase," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report for their clients.
Companies with weak balances surpassed those with weak balances by an average of 5 per cent, following rate increases in 1994, 1999 and 2004.
Companies with high capital inflows and low fluctuating stock holdings surpassed their low-quality competitors by an average of 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
Debt will become a big issue.
According to Goldman, companies with high-level floating currency debt are the most likely to suffer.
Besides the pure stock exchange game, consumers will also benefit from the increased dollar.
Although experts differ on how fast it will go, savers may also profit from the high yields.
Andrew Bingham says a copy of BBC Radio 3 Classic FM
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham accuses station of 'deregulation'
He argues that the radio is becoming distinctive from its commercial competitors.
It also targeted the BBC Music Awards and accused them of ruining the British Awards.
His deputy, Damien Collins, accused The Voice of being unoriginal.
A deputy who had come forward pressured BBC Radio 3 to come forward and say it had "distorted" itself from Classic FM, in order to show its difference to other commercial stations.
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham said the radio station, which provides public service to BBC owners, is "moving slowly" and is becoming distinct from its commercial rivals.
"I don't like to use that buzzword, but Radio 3 has become "free", and more and more it's turning into Classic FM," he said.
In addition, the first one targeted the BBC Music Awards, held last December.
Launched last year, the BBC Music Awards is another version of the British Awards.
"So if you're trying to do something differently, these are the first two examples that come to mind -- you copy what already exists in the market," Bingham said.
The BBC general manager rejected the accusations, arguing that BBC Radio 3 is well ahead of its commercial rivals in both live music and public education.
If I learn from Radio 3, I will go and learn something about classical music somewhere else.
And that's the dedication to live music, and making music is not comparable to anything else.
I also think that Radio 3's effort to discover new music and promote its work is very important," he said.
BBC Radio 3 director Alan Davey argued earlier this year that the station needs to work harder to reach its audience, because the British are less educated in the area of classical music.
Radio 3, however, was not the only contributor to the ballot because it was the BBC's commercial competitor at a meeting of the Culture, Media and Sports selection committee.
Parliament member Tory Damien Collins joined O Ses in the musical talent contest, in which the BBC received 22m pounds from the Dutch production company Talpa Media.
Why can't you see the programme sound so loud because it's not unique and there's no special difference?
Lord Hall insisted that the BBC1 Show, which was co-hosted by Paloma Faith and Boy George, was done in a "BBC-friendly manner".
The institution said it wished to "get a hit out of its own blood" before making another entertaining show.
However, he did not agree to blocking the production of more O Voice programmes in the future, or that the amount spent on the license fee should be spent on other formats.
Is Black Friday the reason for the lowest-ever growth in internet sales in August?
Internet sales rose by seven percentage points in first quarter of 2015
Growth lowest since 2000, when records began breaking last month
Internet sales boomed three years ago when mobile devices started being used for shopping purposes.
Experts say November's Black Friday may be a reason for spending cuts
Online shopping has been booming for more than a decade, turning some of Britain's busiest shopping streets into a ghost town.
After figures showing only a 7 per cent increase in internet sales in the first quarter of 2015, experts say internet sales are showing increasing signs of weakening.
Total spending in August was only five per cent higher than last year and was the lowest growth since 2000, when records began to break.
After showing only a seven per cent increase in internet sales in the first quarter of 2015, experts say internet sales are showing increasing signs of weakening.
"If you look at the levels of growth in previous years and especially in 2000, you can actually see that over time everything has normalised," Andy Mulcahy, editor of the IMRG sales index, told the Guardian.
Internet sales grew significantly three years ago, when consumers started using their mobile phones to buy products, he added.
This meant that more people could shop even if they stayed in their seats.
But right now it's going horizontally, you can see it's growing.
A concept borrowed from America, the Black Friday phenomenon, is being cited as one reason for the slowdown in sales.
Experts say consumers may be waiting to buy something for this event, which took place on the last Friday of November.
During last year's event, several companies crashed their websites as they rushed to procure five times more consumer-cheap products than the previous year.
Experts say Black Friday may have reined in shoppers "for the time being", as shoppers show they are scrambling for discounts.
A study by the British Retailers' Association found that for every 5 pounds spent on shopping, one spent on buying products online.
A third of some products, such as TV sets and washing machines, are now purchased in online shops.
More than a quarter of people also buy their clothes and shoes online, instead of on luxurious, bustling shopping streets.
With the conviction of the bin Laden family, Muslims rejoice at last-ditch journey of those killed in a cranes accident in Mecca
Muslims carry the remains of 29 dead after initial funerals in Mecca
Construction giant holds Saudi Bin Laden group responsible for rail crash in Saudi Arabia
A total of 394 people were injured after the fall, the health ministry reported.
Hundreds of Muslims gathered to carry the bodies of 29 people killed when a teenager fell to the mosque of Mescid-i Haram.
The crowd, mostly of whites, closed their roads to bid farewell to their first funeral at the Muaysim Cemetery in Mekke.
The mourners crossed the sacred site of a tragedy several days ago, when a young man smashed the ceiling of the mosque and toppled the altar.
The bodies of the dead were brought in to be buried, after the Saudi Kingdom held the owner of the construction holding company, Bin Laden's family, responsible for the incident, which also left 394 others wounded.
Mourners carry the remains of 29 pilgrims killed when a teenager fell at Masjed-i Haram
Among the dead was Manchester's Bolton area's four-year-old father, November Akram, who was the first victim when the crayon fell.
He came to Mescid-i Haram with his parents at the beginning of the annual Hajj service.
Saudi leaders have said that Hajj will continue with the participation of thousands of pilgrims on their way to Mecca.
Speaking today, King Salman said the Binladin Holding group should not leave its arm open when it is out of use.
The Arab version of the report, prepared by the state-run Saudi Press Agency, said the Bin Laden Group was the only one to be charged.
The news agency's English-language service did not respond, but reported that company officials were banned from travelling abroad.
Earlier in the week, Salman vowed to find the motive for the young man's transfer to the courtyard of Mescid-i Haram, home to hundreds of thousands of Muslims who arrived in Hajj at the end of the month.
The group did not make any statements about the fallen crane and its representatives were not allowed to comment.
He accused the group of failing to take up-to-date security measures and co-operate with meteorological authorities.
At Mekke, Mescid-i Haram is surrounded by dozens of cranes, most of which are under the control of the Bin Laden group.
The Bin Laden family has been in close contact with Saudi Arabia's ruling family for decades, and is the head of many construction projects.
Osama bin Laden, the last al-Qaeda leader, was a son of a tycoon whose family had banned him from adoption.
The crash occurred just days before millions flooded the Hac site, where winds and rains were strong, making it clear that every adult Muslim should visit the site at least once in his lifetime.
Authorities said 158 people are still receiving treatment at the hospital.
Authorities ordered the families of the deceased and the survivors of the permanent injury to receive 1m Riyals (174,000 pounds) in compensation.
Other injured people will receive half that amount.
B&Q boss says Eastern European craftsmen working inexpensively are behind the trend
Veronique Laury: Britons hiring more and more masters
The number of skilled Eastern European craftsmen behind this increase
As a result, 200 new Screwfix shops targeting craftsmen will open.
At the same time, Kingfisher closes 60 B&Q outlets nationwide
Text by Rupert Steiner, Daily Mail City Editor
The Brits are said to have begun hiring skilled Eastern European craftsmen to replace their crates and paintbrushes with those in their homes.
If you are a skilled beekeeper or a skilled wall-painter, you are a minority in these days.
Because according to the owner of the company behind B&Q, Britons are increasingly employing more and more technicians to make homemade works in their homes.
Veronique Laury, the new general manager of Kingfisher, the owner of the home improvement chain, said that behind the trend is a large increase in the number of skilled Eastern European craftsmen offering low-cost services.
As a result, Kingfisher plans to close its 60 B&Q outlets and open 200 new Screwfix shops for craftsmen.
She said she wants more women employed in Laury B&Q stores because eight of the ten acquisition decisions in the store were made by women.
Currently, the majority of staff is male.
More home improvements than in the past, the single said, are needed to meet emerging demographic trends.
"Manufacturers in our stores are still predominantly men.
We need to balance it even more.
Based on the fact that half of our clients are women and that 80 per cent of decisions concerning the purchased products are made by women.
Women play a major role in decision-making.
One of the five women at the top of Britain's leading firms' index FTSE100, Bayan Laury, has restructured her top team to include an equal number of men and women directors.
Kingfisher, including the general manager and the financial manager, is practically alone in this field, with a staff of almost 50 per cent of his team made up of women.
"It was an informed decision -- diversity is an important issue here.
It has not been difficult to find good women for our board of directors.
After the group charged the cost of closing stores, Kingfisher announced a drop in both its six-month profit and sales.
Kingfisher, owner of Screwfix, B&Q as a result of the trend, to open 200 new stores
US Central Bank's decision on interest increase for EDF
The two-day meetings of the US Central Bank, which continue on Wednesdays and Thursdays, are being watched around the world; a decision on whether to raise interest rates after ten years is expected.
In a Reuters poll, slightly more than half of the 80 economists said last week that the EDF would implement the decision, but now they think it will suspend and keep the rates between 0 and 0.25 per cent.
This is a historical phenomenon, since it is now seven years since the EDF cut rates to zero.
"For the first time, we will see a big central bank go from zero to normalising interest rates," said Angel Ubide, a senior researcher at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
The US economy is performing relatively well, and in the process of reviving the economy trillions of dollars are being added to the balance sheet, generating a small amount of inflation.
However, the EDF cannot overlook the less promising global picture.
Markets have been warned of an increase, but there are indications they believe the situation will not allow for such an increase.
The decision will be announced at 8pm on Thursday.
Killer leaves apology for Delta State University shooting
On Tuesday, officials said Shannon Lamb left a note saying he was "approved" for the first murder after shooting his girlfriend in Mississippi on Monday morning and before killing his colleague later in the day, and saying he wished he could "get it back".
The Mississippi Gautier police said Lamb, a professor of geography and social sciences at Delta State University, called 911 at about 10:00 am.
He said he said he had shot and killed one.
Lamb said he should send a police officer to answer the phone.
"I killed my wife last night," Lamb said, adding that he had found "a sweet dog in the house that doesn't hurt anyone" and was probably upset.
When police asked him for his name, he did not specify it.
Lamb made no statement about the murder.
When police went to the scene, they found the still-active body of 41-year-old Amy Prentiss and a note by 45-year-old Lamb.
I loved Amy so much and she was the only one who loved me until now.
After writing that note, Lamb drove to Delta County, 300 miles away, where he killed the history professor Ethan Schmidt and then committed suicide after being stabbed by police.
University Dean William LaForge said he did not know there was a problem between Lamb and Schmidt, but "it is obvious that Lamb has something on his mind."
On Monday, despite reports that Lamb believes his girlfriend, Prentiss, had an emotional relationship with Schmidt, officials said Tuesday they had "no information or evidence" that he was a "troika of love".
Shawn O'Steen, who has been married to Prentiss for about seven years, describes Prentiss as "a good man".
The couple divorced 15 years ago, but remained friends.
Prentiss and a 19-year-old girl were found, and the girl was "in a broken condition", O'Steen said.
He also said that Prentiss and his daughter were "certainly each other's best friends".
Linsday Knowless, who Sun Herald identified as a close friend of Parentiss, said that he was working online from his home.
Knowles said that Prentiss, who owns a hunting dog named Lightning, has been with Lamb for about three years.
"He always wanted to help others," Knowles said.
Police said Lamb called his relatives on Monday, saying "I will not enter the prison."
The same night, police approached him on Highway 1 near Greenville and pulled him to the side, threw him on foot, ran into the woods and shot himself to death.
According to her CV, published on the university's website, Lamb earned her PhD in education at Delta State University in the spring of 2015.
Stars losing their old allure
The actor (left), seen with his son Redmond (right), has spent some stressful years.
She fought leukemia in 2001 and contracted cancer in 2009 with fellow student Farrah Fawcett.
The actor, who is also said to be battling drugs, was arrested in 2008 for possession of drugs.
All this, of course, did him great harm.
Manchester United's Luke Shaw out for months with double-hit
Luke Shaw's right leg suffered two broken ribs in a match against PSV Eindhoven in Manchester United's Champions League.
That, to his tears, would leave him at least six months away from the pitch, while Louis van Gaal remains hopeful that Shaw will be back on the pitch this season.
He was hit by a stone-less attempt by 20-year-old Shaw in the 15th minute of the game, when he fell like a bomb on the playing field.
He was intervened on the field for nine minutes and was then required to be oxygenated before being transferred to hospital.
"I was broken in my stomach and I'm in the hospital right now," he said.
Today or a day later, she may be transferred and undergone surgery in Manchester.
A young man who has been transferred to Manchester for 18 years, has had some tough times, then a magnificent game, and this is what comes next.
He had an oxygen mask on his face while in the detention room.
He was crying.
I'm not a doctor, but if you have multiple sclerosis it means at least six months and it means you can't play in a group environment.
I hope he will be able to play again this season.
Moreno was lucky to avoid a red card and a snag in the penalty shootout.
The referee, Nicola Rizzoli, did not penalise the Mexican.
Van Gaal claimed the Italian official had made a mistake.
When I say it is a penalty and red card, you can judge yourself.
It was a very bad fight with two legs.
"Thank you all for your service, words are not enough to explain how frustrated I am, my path to recovery is now beginning, I will be strengthened and I will return," Shaw said in a tweet.
Related: Manchester United shocked by Luke Shaw injury in PSV defeat
Next July's Champions League in France will provide morale for the British defender's recovery.
"It's a very bad injury," said Phillip Cocu, the PSV's technical director.
If such an injury happens to any player, everyone regrets it.
The intention of our players is never to injure their opponent.
Moreno also suffered a broken leg at the 2014 World Cup, when Van Gaal played the Mexican team against the Netherlands.
He finds the situation very difficult because he never intended to injure his opponent, and it didn't get any better after he heard it was a very bad injury, he said.
For me it was not possible to see that moment.
All I could see was the ball going in a different direction, as though Moreno had touched it, but I couldn't see Luke's tail.
"I know what a feeling it is, and I know how difficult this can be.
I feel very bad for it and I am very sad.
He was hospitalised after fighting Chris Smalling at the PSV's Andrés Guardado.
Of course, David Cameron knows The Lorax better than that?
It's something every parent has learned in a short time: when your child likes a book, you know it won't be long before you learn to read it almost in his or her native language.
Apparently if you're not David Cameron.
When asked what her favourite children's book is, a holiday programmer supplier for childcare chose The Lorax, a 1971 environmental fairytale by Dr. Seuss.
It was a difficult decision, Cameron said in a message posted on the SuperCamps company's website. "I like to read this book to my children because it is funny, impressive, creative and powerful, and because it contains an image or message that we always put on it," he added.
Everything went quite well up to that point, except for the paragraph in the 2012 film version of the book, in which Cameron had written something about the book's content, but in fact added new characters and details to inflate the contents of the original masquerade text.
In Thneed-Ville, where all nature is gone and the walls are made of meta-air, a boy named Ted wishes to fulfill his dream of seeing a real tree to win the heart of his dream girl, Audrey, writes, incorporating a love fairytale unknown to Dr. Seuss, whose real name is Theodor Seuss Geisel, who died in 1991.
If that wasn't suspicious enough, Cameron's screenplay is in some ways very similar to that of The Lora in the Internet Movie Archive: "In Thneed-Ville, a city surrounded by walls where everything is artificial and even the air is a metaphor, the girl in a child's dream, named Ted, wants to win Audrey's heart."
It is unlikely that Cameron, despite the local community's objections to the name of the boy, an impoverished, tree-cutting, white-and-white Once, who calls the book Lorax, is unfamiliar with the origin of the book, given that he allegedly had a capable parent.
Probably such a weak Public Relations affair has been thrown into an inkwell, one that has not read The Lorax 20 times to a child over and over again.
A spokeswoman for the presidency said the text was thought to have come from Cameron's election office.
SuperCamps confirmed that Cameron's staff provided the transcript, but offered no comment.
Adam Lyth was clearly at risk of British departure, but I'm still recovering
Playing against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates is a difficult task, but I don't think there is a repeat of the 3-0 Test series defeats that took place last time after seeing the British team selected for the tournament.
Nevertheless, I do not rule out a distant win.
Alastair Cook's team may be more inexperienced than three years ago, but it has good returning players on the offense line and a strong collective play; this does not heal the scars of 2012, but only provides some youthful optimism.
In the ball game, Moeen Ali develops as a game-turner, and Adil Rashid represents an attack option, even though the quality at the level of play is unknown.
Related: Adam Lyth leaves UK probation team, Alex Hales replaces
The decision to fire Adam Lyth is hard to analyse for me, as the chief coach in Yorkshire.
The Seven Tests were against two good shots in difficult circumstances, and the simple but inevitable fact is that the cricketers will be judged on their merits.
For example, there were no questions about Joe Root, the announcement had to be made because - as I said before - the players were their best choice.
After a few setbacks, Lyth could have seen his career stretch, but he decided to take his own destiny.
If she works more for Yorkshire, I hope she will get another opportunity.
British coach Trevor Bayliss praised the player's stance, though he did not do the best he could, which didn't surprise me; above all, he is a man of the team.
Asked how long it will take for an examination scorer to get a grade, it is hard to answer.
Lyth - like Sam Robson before him - got seven caps, while Nick Compton got nine.
Only Compton got a chance for a revamp.
The only sailor you could imagine, Jonathan Trott, might have gone to the Caribbean first with Britain -- while Lyth's formula was at its peak -- but that wasted opportunity is now a thing of the past.
Alex Hales is coming and to me he's a high-level shooter.
He's an X-factor cricketer, and we saw that in Yorkshire when he scored 236 points against us at the Trent Bridge field at the start of this season.
At least it should be taken for the same opportunity as before, but that depends of course on the team composition in the United Arab Emirates.
Moeen's idea that he could get an extra game-changer while holding the four quicks, with the opening shot by Cook, worked, and I'm not against it.
I don't understand why a shooter can't shoot here, especially since this left-handed shooter has already shown how good he is as a cricketer.
Moeen could have done his job for Worcestershire, but he got a 3rd place for them and there is not much difference.
My former teammate, Justin Langer, played the first downhill before he started his first 38s in 2001.
Three sets of faces quickly caught him and he did not look back.
Zafar Ansari comes to the team as a substitute, a game-changer, and surprising to me in my limited interviews with him as an impressive young man.
People can look at the raw statistics -- 31 averages on the hit and 35 averages on the ball -- and think it's a trick, but there aren't too many game-turners who take their hands off, and the choice of players is for the young.
He will learn a lot during this tour.
Far from the team, Britain appears to have put a few bullets in the works of its own coaching team.
Sri Lankan shooter Mahela Jayawardene's appointment as an adviser for the Test matches could be a tricky measure.
He is one of the most delighted people in the play; he will bring with him a wealth of experience in all circumstances and all ancestors.
Paul Collingwood is coming for the round's white ball leg and is providing both energy and a game-changing sequence.
I always thought he was born for the world of international cricket, whether he was a player or a coach, and he has an understanding that can be taken as a guide like Mahela.
Sometimes a new voice in the dressing room, even the messages that were said before, can bring something new to the team.
Colleague Ben Stokes from Durham is resting for one day, Root was given a similar break against Australia and I have no problem with that.
While not everyone agrees, the plans are not made by the coaches and the actors they choose.
And you shouldn't forget that they, like the players, depend on results.
Such decisions are never made easily.
Brexit camp wins if economy stagnates by 2017
David Cameron's half-baked strategy of renegotiating to keep Britain in the EU is getting worse and worse, despite Jeremy "Yes or No?" being chosen as Corbyn's Labour Party leader, or TUC's squabbling over Europe on Tuesday.
Foreigners also have Corbyns and Nigel Farages.
Recently, a European diplomat explained that some member states are fed up with Britain's agenda of separatist privileges and treaty changes that do not satisfy most of them, in a Union that has been mired in crises for which they are not entirely responsible.
TUC decided during its annual meeting in Brighton that it would not seek them if they harm social protection.
We could even call it Dave and George's own agenda.
The prime minister and Sansölye have taken their own pictures in foreign capitals, attending summits or bilateral meetings, and taking photos of the party in front of the well-known monuments there, and then returning home, saying they have gathered allies for reform.
It's all about me.
When Berlin said, "Don't leave us with France," my European friend, who wants an outward-looking UK in the EU tent, was increasingly short-sighted in some capitals, and officials no longer care if we stay.
Germany's cautious, mindful of fortune, Angela Merkel is an ally, has been in power for 10 years at the same time, and wants to leave without worsening the situation, as has been the case with Thatcher (11 years), Mitterrand (14 years), and Kohl (16 years).
Francois Hollande faces re-election or a change of power in France in 2017.
It is a rebellious force.
Soon a nationalist right-wing government will take power in Poland, and a left-wing government in Spain.
For the selfish Britons, whose energy should be used to prevent Scotland from leaving the United Kingdom, it is unlikely that they will make any effort, as they do not want to either, as many have separatist tendencies.
So some of them, in the style of the Scottish National Party, may be planning to speed up the process of the Brexit by making deliberate statements during the campaign for the United Kingdom's referendum in 2017 that won't help, my friend says.
"The re-negotiations have been a deadlock" and "the United Kingdom has not achieved anything useful from the re-negotiations."
Europeans know from previous experience how exploitative, oligarch media barons on Fleet Street were as anti-EU as they were not at Tony Benn's time -- they were the inspiration for the 1975 referendum, which approved his 1973 initiative by a factor of two to one.
This is how they remember the top Euro-journalist Boris Johnson, who became a Brussels reporter in the early 90s and was known as "the good old EU".
All the virtues aside, Ed Miliband knew who the enemies were.
Among them were tax-free shopkeepers, illegal phone tapping foreigners and so-called foreign residents who own most of our major newspapers.
In his remarks, Tony Blair agreed with most of them, noting that he had to pay attention to a drunken gorilla when he was thirsty in a café, so as not to bother him at lunch and after lunch.
In fact, Miliband was more Blair-leaning than Cameron when it came to opposing the bright referendum idea, as Blair had compromised on the principles of the EU constitution, which was annulled in 2005 by French and Dutch voters who gave him an exit card.
The press didn't forgive him for that either.
But it seems that Jeremy Corbyn, who was friendly at Westminster on Sunday morning and I told him he had no more time to lose, is in danger of reneging on Neil Kinnock's strategy of boycotting Murdoch in the '80s, which was then and now a mistake.
It will take time, but it needs to develop a coherent strategy to communicate with Andrew Marr, who left the BBC post on Sunday and knows the media, not me.
I am talking about the development of Corbyn's official position in Europe.
He says he wants us to remain part of a reform-oriented EU.
Most people who remain outside the hostile bent of UKIP and fierce supporters of the Conservative Little Britanism say yes.
That's what Hilary Benn, who is "a Benn but not a Bennite", said on radio and television this week, because she naively refused to accept that Corbyn's appointment of John McDonnell as a shady figure was a bad idea.
It reminded me of his father's struggle in the 1970s against his colleagues in the workers' cabinet on TV for unloyalty, for not going too far, and for losing his position in the cabinet.
Her challenge was more compelling.
"But it was the same as Benn said -- fighting to remain "in every circumstance" -- it was not what McDonnell said, it was not what JC told the lords at their special meeting on the Sunday night.
Keeping in mind that I am touched, the message-discipline that Corbyn is trying to convey remains substantive, regardless of the stereotype, in the 7/24 TV clock, and in the social media bubble, the delicate bed of paranoia and betrayal.
As McDonnell put it, it is reasonable to impose a European challenge on Cameron, which ensures his Labour Party's support in the referendum.
Simon Jenkins certainly thinks so.
But McDonnell and Corbyn's transition to a Bennite siege economy and anti-capitalist past, coupled with EU accession, is no longer a contentious debate among left-wing dissidents, whose teaching legacy of narrow-minded narcissism is the cornerstone.
As in the NATO transition story -- Tom Watson is adamant that the JC will not campaign for secession -- foreign diplomats will have to dig a hole for their country's masters.
Why should Paris and Berlin lose political capital over concessions to Britain, where they all could fail, when they have their own sceptical voters?
As I was told at the opening of the British Forum on Security of Interest on Monday, the United States is already disappointed by the poor minimum performance of the British in Iraq, Libya and Syria, despite the cost-cutting Conservative Party government in power.
Experts criticise British Public Health e-smoking research
The researchers claimed that e-cigarettes are 95% less harmful than smoking, during a 12-member meeting organised by a government-funded agency with connections to the tobacco industry.
Experts at the British Medical Journal (BMJ) joined Lancet in criticising evidence used in the British Public Health (PHE) report on e-smoking.
The PHE issued its "turning point" report last month, describing it as "a thorough examination of evidence".
But some researchers questioned the accuracy of the data and pointed to connections between some experts and the tobacco industry.
Last month's editorial in the medical journal Lancet targeted an "extraordinarily decrepit foundation" based on the PHE's main conclusion.
Writing at the UNJ, two other researchers questioned whether the allegations were "built on my house or the mosque".
Martin McKee, a professor of European public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and Simon Capewell, a professor of clinical epidemiology at Liverpool University, said "The fundamental principle of public health is that policies are based on evidence of action."
Kamunun said he expects PHE's claims that "e-cigarettes are about 95% less harmful than smoking cigarettes, based on the best available estimate" and will be based on a thorough examination of the evidence and modelling.
In fact, their views on the harms of different products containing this nicotine originated from a 12-member meeting to develop a multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) model to form a synthesis; the results of the meeting were summarised in a research article.
McKee and Capewell said that one of the sponsors of the meeting, its general manager, was a company known as EuroSwiss Health, which was reportedly funded by British American Tobacco earlier for independent research.
In a sustainability report, they also said BAT approved the public health promotion document.
One of the 12 participants in the meeting reported receiving funds from an e-cigarettes manufacturer, but not the funds previously reportedly obtained from the Philip Morris International cigarette company, they added.
It was not disclosed how panel members were chosen, but some of them included some known giants of e-smoking, some of whom reported the industry fund in the article.
Others who were present are not recognised for their expertise in tobacco control.
The person in charge of tobacco at PHE also attended the meeting.
McKee and Capewell wrote that the group's research paper "effectively" acknowledged the lack of "concrete evidence on the damages of most products on several criteria".
However, none of these links or restrictions is discussed in the PHE report.
The allegations that "e-smoking is a transition from smoking to smoking for children or non-smokers" are too early, said MCKee and Capewell.
Professor Kevin Fenton, director of health and welfare at the PHE, said the UNJ allegations had been answered earlier.
"E-cigarettes are significantly less harmful than cigarettes," he said.
One in two people who become addicted to cigarettes dies from it.
All the evidence indicates that e-smoking is small compared to the health risks it causes, but we should continue to examine its long-term effects.
The PHE has a clear mandate: to inform the public about what evidence shows and does not show, at a time when the public is confused about the damages when tobacco is smuggled in.
Almost 80,000 people die annually from a smoking-related illness, and smoking costs the NHS 2 billion pounds annually.
We are fulfilling our national responsibility by clearly presenting the evidence -- that e-smoking, though not without risk, carries only a small part of the damage caused by smoking.
BBC should leave EastEnders, former Channel 4 chief says
Channel 4's former head, Luke Johnson, said the BBC should stop broadcasting shows such as EastEnders and The Voice, and said its advertising competitors could "put their hands up" for hits such as the Albert Square series.
The licence fee should only be used to make types of programming not produced by other British broadcasters, Johnson said.
He criticised the BBC for placing public service programmes, such as BBC4, in valuable ranges of time, against their rivals' most popular ratings programmes, which could be watched by a smaller audience.
After Tony Hall, the BBC's general director, said the institution wanted to co-operate more with other organisations, Johnson said Channel 4, at his time, had tried this unsuccessfully for six years to build a relationship with the BBC.
"I'm fighting the notion that the BBC should clearly order and broadcast programmes that could be shown by non-subsidised competitors," Johnson told the House of Lords' communications committee during a questioning on the BBC's future.
If you continue with the licensing fee, which I am not sure is a good idea in the medium or long term, then its departure should at least be reduced to programmes that others do not or do not order.
They broadcast The Voice in primetime because they want to provide as much support as possible for the future domestic broadcast.
The idea is that nobody else will publish, which is ridiculous and obvious nonsense.
"I don't understand why programmes that can be funded without assistance should be funded with a reduced tax.
The Voice is one, and EastEnders is another, and it's actually within the company.
Honestly, other stations will give their right hand in this regard.
I strive to see what public service broadcasts look like.
I don't think it will bother the BBC at all.
Johnson, a series of entrepreneurs who ran Channel 4 from 2004 to 2010, accused the BBC of pursuing ratings "because of the complaints of the people who worked here and because they saw this approach as the best way to secure long-term support".
Commentaries on the BBC's most popular programmes echo those of Tony Ball, the previous Sky administrator who used the MacTaggart in Edinburgh in 2003 to offer the BBC to sell programmes such as EastEnders.
Johnson said the BBC's more appropriate public service programmes go to BBC4, where there will be no audience measurement, but where they meet the tax exemption and continue their show-stopping duties to secure a foothold of the 4 billion pounds in licence fee revenues, and added: "We, of course, do all these show-stopping programmes that nobody watches."
They put them in a void that no one will ever be able to follow.
As for the licence fee, Johnson told the committee: "I invite you to find a more regressive system for the people who benefit the most from it.
Of course, you're all thinking, we're all thinking, that 150 pounds is a lot of money per year, but for people who think that 150 pounds is a lot of money, I wonder if it's because they don't watch the BBC too much.
The BBC should revise its Reithian mission "to educate, educate and entertain", said David Elstein, an earlier Sky and Channel 5 executive who also presented evidence to the committee Tuesday.
Some of the BBC's appearances are now officially classified as education -- that's 1% of TV appearances and 0.1% of the radio -- and public service broadcasts in Australia and Canada should be a prelude to that, he said, and should be changed to "education, enlightenment and education".
As for partnerships, Elstein said, the BBC should do something about Proms, which are shown on TV only for a fraction of the time, and should collaborate with advertisers to ensure that everything is monitored online.
'Sonogenetic' allows brain cells to be controlled by sound waves
The video shows how the wire shields switched direction when they were hit by a loud bang.
Scientists have bred rattlesnakes with genetically modified nervous systems that can be controlled with sound wave explosions.
Minic wire shields change direction as soon as they are hit with a loud noise that is invisible to the public.
Genetically modified motor nerve cells are switched on to carry the liver channels that respond to trans-sonic waves.
Related: Researchers read, write brain activity with light
The researchers said the cuts prove the power of a new procedure called Sonogenetik; thus, ultrasound can be used to activate a series of brain, heart and fat cells from outside the body.
Sreekanth Chalasani, a researcher at the Salk Institute in La Jolla, California, told the Guardian that this procedure could one day replace deep-brain stimulation, an interventional procedure that injects electrical currents into people's brains to treat Parkinson's disease symptoms.
Filamentary kurts often do not react beyond sound, but Chalasani found they react when they are surrounded by a liquid containing microscopic particles.
The tiny pieces it finds strengthen the trans-sonic waves, allowing the gunpowder to pass through.
Strengthened trans-sonic waves affect structures at the margins of some liver cells, called TRP-4 ion channels.
According to a report published by Nature Communications, the sound waves allow these ion channels to open and activate the cells they are attached to.
To create trans-tone-controlled wire rods, Chalasani genetically modified them, allowing some motor nerves to carry the TRP-4 ion channels.
When it applied acoustic surrounds to the modified creatures, the sound waves were amplified by micro-chips and relayed into the gunpowder, which activated the modified motor nerves.
This procedure has similarities with optogenetics, an open-ended tool that scientists use to light up and switch on and off the neurons.
But Chalasani says sonogeny has some advantages over this technique.
Contrary to the light that must be sent through an optical fiber to the desired point within the brain, low-frequency sound-borne waves can unhinderedly pass through the tissue and thus be carried through the skull into the brain.
"We believe that by using gene therapy and a treatable virus, human nerves targeted for certain neurological treatments in the clinical environment can be temporarily sensitive to the trans-tone signal," Chalasani said.
Other applications could be concentrated on fat cells and insulin-uretic cells, he added.
Extralegal torture equipment -- at your doorstep!
Advertisements disparage British arms trade
Watch Amnesty International's anti-arms fair video.
Terrible killer drones!
Punches that break an ankle!
Spooky bombs!
And the electrically shocked cops, which cause terrible pain but leave no traces!
Subtle audio and cartoon footage produced for Amnesty International, designed to highlight the British government's intention to sell weapons to oppressive regimes through Defence and Security Equipment International at Ex Cel Centre in London, is a sure bet that the world's biggest arms expo is a sharp deception.
Related: DSEI arms fair: authoritarian regimes attack London
A different campaign, however, continues with posters at bus stops and subway trains, requiring double-checking.
"An important announcement, will you travel in the DLR between September 15th and 18th?" he said, turning the DLR line into a tank, using London Metro's fountains and brand name.
This September, a swarm of gun dealers will attack the DLR... customers are being asked to help stop this arms fair.
The 300 posters are from artists exhibiting at Bansky's Museum of Powerful Designs in Dismaland.
A collective, called the Special Patrol Group, helped distribute it using the "Attack Area Packages", which cost 6 pounds and claimed to "enable access to about a third of the bus stops on the planet".
Transport for London was not happy with the "vandalism" of this poster.
One of the ads was created by the Collective of the Special Patrol group.
According to Gavin Grindon, curator of Powerful Designs and professor at the University of Essex, artists are becoming more and more questionable and are looking for ways to bring political work to audiences outside the galleries.
Many artists are acting together with activists in protest movements and are beginning to realise that they have to come out in the real world to have an impact on society.
Another anti-proliferation poster shows up in front of those travelling on the subway.
The Amnesty International video was watched over 100,000 times over 24 hours on Facebook, and was created by the free-lance VCCP advertising agency, with the graphic designer and sound artist preparing it for free.
Matt Lever, the creator of the VCCP, was taken aback by the silence of the arms show ads -- empty space on the Excel calendar -- and thought, "Let's give them a campaign they're trying to escape from."
They played with the idea of making a more realistic, sensational corporate advertisement, but "they were decorated with bright colours and animation, it was more conspicuous."
"They have been very helpful in creating concerns about the sale of illegal torture equipment at the fair," said Tom Davies of Amnesty.
What we need now is for the British government to take action and stop the sale of torture equipment illegally in front of us.
Perhaps the most creative art in the arms show comes from the ExCeL inside, where exhibitors sell fantastic covering products.
In a press release, Saab cited the US military's order for "the AT4CS RS airborne variant".
It includes "a warhead in an undifferentiated shape that hits the target with a big blow".
Whatever she does will not be pleasant.
Eight golden rules for student dormitories
It's been 11 years since I moved to the dormitories as an undifferentiated 19-year-old boy, and I still believe in bullies and moral deceit, but now I can remember the tiny smiles I'm annoyed with -- and the numerous complaints I've heard about others.
Most of my lessons can be imparted in eight golden rulers.
Moving to the outside can be anything from nervousness to complete terrorism.
The supreme interest of adventure: who he is to people, whether he has lost the year, where he insists on Corbyn, and why you "don't love or hate his marmite, frankly, because he is really only a prostitute, HAHAHAH I will be in your care".
Take a breath.
And let others get one too -- ask questions, ask questions.
It will guide that conversation and help you to distinguish your attachments from those you will not talk to, even if your earplugs are caught and if they are a deterrent to the fire.
Leave some space for people.
People's rooms often turn into drinking receptions, movie night locations and communal hangouts, but they are also places where people get dressed and put on their bathing suits.
Related: Don't even think about starting a college relationship
Internally displaced persons are severely treated at the University.
Your room may be deserted, but many dormitory halls foster a culture of inter-room exchange, which is open to friendly, social and lifelong friendships.
This could be hell for someone trying to store energy.
Nothing in culture allows you to say "I am delighted with you and I want our friendship to continue, but I need to leave a little so I can replace the energy I spent communicating with you."
See if a friend is tired of socialising, and maybe instead of knocking on the door, send a message.
When I say knocking on the door, I mean, come on.
A friend in the student dormitory followed a policy that if the door is not locked, she is invited in.
He saw a lot.
Make friends by cooking.
Since you entered university at the height of culinary competition madness, it would be less strange and less pleasant to introduce yourself by knocking on people's doors with a toasted brownie than it would be in the 1950s: "You've welcomed to our palace, I've baked something for you, now smile while I ask you personal questions."
Offering homemade food to people is a great way to make friends.
Friends will feel compelled to talk and perhaps tie your face to a sweet surprise.
Clearly, it's about being a skilled cook.
A toasted dough, sugar and oil that is not well mixed will cause people to wake up when you knock on the door.
Stoling food is a common offence in student dormitories.
Obviously, it's a steal to bite someone's throat, but is it a steal to buy a couple of drops of milk for your tea?
Check the owner twice.
He will probably tell you to take his own care, even if he swims in.
It's very annoying to have someone stealing your belongings and I understand you -- but try to deal with it more maturely than my fellow countryman, who put liquid soap to punish him for stealing his milk.
He is now in prison.
Don't make noises that would get people to sleep or study.
It's not just about being a decent person, but because you are a beast in glass houses.
A girl in my hallway told her neighbour on the other side to press the button and cut the drums a bit, because it was 3pm and she had her morning exam.
The answers were to speak louder.
When they finally closed at 5am, the girl opened her own music to the last voice, locked the door and kindly let them play for two hours before going to her three-hour exam.
Wouldn't it be so romantic for your future wife to move in the same corridor as you do?
Wouldn't it be very strange, on the contrary, to have to misunderstand a corridor friend and think that he is the next guest, to hang out, to be separated, to have to see him every day and to have to watch our common friends imprisoned?
Of course, there is will, but if your fiery neighbour is definitely not your future wife, at least talk to her and advise her on wisdom.
When you realise in a joyful moment that someone left their keys inside without locking the door, you know that the line between a joke and offending someone is thinner than you think.
A good şaka is fun but it will take time to get back.
You can give someone a valuable and fun lesson in security by storing their belongings -- but never litter someone's room with soap and toothpaste.
Hold the doors with a key and place the keys in a glass of water in a freezer, but place the items on a ceiling with two layers of water.
Parliament speaker of Dutch origin
Arib won the highest vote in the fourth round of voting in parliament yesterday, becoming the first Dutch parliament speaker of immigrant origin.
Arib, also a citizen of Morocco, will assume this duty until 2017."
He ran for president in 2012, but was not elected, of parliament, where he has served as a member since 1998.
A surprise turn for Hopeful Bulut!
The final offer came from Eskisehirspor to Umut Bulut, who is uncomfortable with fans of G.SARAY and the star, and who suffered a breakdown in morale in recent matches due to the protests of the stands.
He missed that position, wanted to get out of the game!
As Ryan Donk was transferred, Eskisehirspor made the final move for the national goalkeeper, who he hoped to add to the team.
However, the red-blacks received a negative response from the administration of G.Saraj.
Heart stopped as she was getting better
Raquel Santos, 28, a mother of two in Rio de Janeiro, approached her aesthetist last Sunday to remove the stains from the mouthlids.
The woman, whose face was covered with material, was injected for some time after which her heartbeats and breathing accelerated.
Later, his heart stopped and he died.
Police are investigating whether she was involved in the killing of a drug called "Potenay", which she used daily.
The actual cause of death will be determined after the autopsy.
One of the model's closest friends, Debora Azevedo, told the Brazilian media that Santos, who has seven and two 13-year-old sons, is passionate about aesthetic surgery.
Santos, who took part in one of Brazil's most important beauty contests, Musa do Brasil, last December, was second.
Oil companies officially bust
As oil prices began to fall in 2014, some $400 billion in investments were delayed until the end of last year, with deepwater oil exploration projects put on hold the most.
Lower oil prices have led to the suspension of the $380 billion project in oil and gas exploration/production, while millions of barrels of production have been delayed from the Gulf of Mexico to Africa and beyond, according to research by consulting company Wood Mackenzie.
"Companies' budgets have plunged dramatically," the report said, citing oil prices, which dropped 70 per cent in 1.5 years to their lowest in 12 years, from $115 in the summer of 2014 as the main reason for the cost cuts.
$400 IN THE MATTER
Crude oil prices have come up with new surprises, and finally fell below $30, the lowest in 12 years.
With the debate "Does oil cost $15?" and "Does oil now cost less than water?" on the rise, research published by the energy consulting firm Wood Mackenzie shows how falling prices are affecting the industry.
Finally, in a report released in July, Wood Mackenzie found that falling oil prices led to the suspension of 46 major energy investments worth $200 billion. In new research, he revealed where this figure had reached by the end of 2015.
Accordingly, 22 other major projects were delayed in the last six months of 2015, while a total of 68 major projects have been suspended since the oil collapse began in 2014.
These projects are worth about $400 billion.
ECONOmic 2.9 Million tons
The study stressed that the impact of low oil prices on company plans is "immeasurable", noting that projects with the greatest impact are deep sea development projects.
The suspended projects have resulted in a total of 27 billion barrels of crude equivalent reserves, with production of 2.9 million barrels of oil daily thus delayed until 2025.
According to the study, the final investment decision for most of the projects has been postponed until 2017 and beyond, with initial production targets set between 2020 and 2023.
Of the 68 projects delayed, "most of the $170 billion are deep sea projects," the report stressed, citing potential investments of $170 billion over the next five years.
This is because the pre-investment cost is too high.
Oil-intensive projects in Nigeria, Angola and the US Gulf of Mexico account for "70 per cent of deep sea spending".
According to the study, the countries with the most delayed oil project inventories are Canada, Angola, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, Norway and the United States.
The six countries hold almost 90 per cent of deferred liquid (petrol) reserves.
The countries with the largest delayed gas reserves -- Mozambique, Australia, Malaysia and Indonesia -- account for 85 per cent of the total.
While much of the gas that awaits deployment is in deep sea, it requires complex and expensive development solutions, such as building a zero-liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility.
Oil giants with consecutive commitments to the deep sea, the Canadian oil sands and the Caspian region are cited as the most endangered, while companies are said to be trying to adapt to the scenario of "less oil prices for a longer time".
TRACtors IN IRANA
Nearly four years ago there was a picture: the United States and Europe imposed an embargo on Iranian oil to halt Tehran's nuclear programme, oil was priced at about $110 per barrel, and there was a debate on how to cut Iranian oil exports without causing a sudden spike in prices.
And when we return to this week, we see a completely different scenario.
Oil prices have hit below $30 for the first time since 2004, mainly because of a production boom in the United States and the removal of embargoes on Iran.
For this reason, the focus is on Iran.
If Iran increases its oil exports, more oil will flow into the already pronounced highly enriched oil market.
That could also push prices down to levels that we are surprised by today.
Some analysts say Saudi Arabia, which does not want to gain market share for Iran, will pump more oil, and that a price war between Iran and Saudi Arabia may be in store.
As soon as the sanctions go into effect, Iran's main target is recorded as Asia's fast-growing oil market, India, and its old partners in Europe.
In earlier statements, Iranian officials said they were aiming to increase exports by 500,000 barrels per day in the first phase and eventually place an additional amount on the market.
According to Reuters's map, there are 22 very large crude oil carriers (VLCCs) waiting at the Iranian seas, with at least 13 of them fully or heavily full.
Iran is the fourth-largest country in the world with proven oil reserves.
Thanks to sanctions exceptions, Iran still exports about 1 billion barrels of crude oil to some countries, including Turkey.
Prior to the sanctions, Iran's daily oil exports reached 3m barrels per day.
Asked if oil would fall below $20, Aysun Goksu, a specialist in Supported Securities Research, said "Concerns about the Chinese-centric global growth increase the downward pressure on commodity prices, which contributes to a deepening loss of oil prices."
In China, the world's largest oil importer, losses since the beginning of the year have reached 20 per cent, with concerns that demand will decrease in line with the economic slowdown.
In addition, we may see oil prices going below $30 in the coming days, due to the global appreciation of the dollar and the impact of the global surplus problem.
Unless we see permanent price increases above $32,000-$332,000 levels, oil rise movements could be limited and downward pressure increased.
It can be argued that seeing closures below the critical $30 level at this point has played a key role in allowing further declines.
In such a case, it should not come as a surprise to see the loosening of the support zone at 23.30-25.60 on the lower side.
Isham Sardouk: 'The bloodbath is over!'
Why did you turn to Turkey when you took on the role of trend-creator at Victoria's Secret and WGSN, which shapes fashion trends around the world?
- I am always for change.
I was born in Paris, lived in London and then went to New York.
I also took important positions there.
In the meantime, I have started consulting Koton for the last two years.
And then I saw the potential in this geography and the Koton brand.
I realised I had everything to be a chain store in the world.
I am here now to make it happen.
Can you do it in a short time?
- Absolutely.
Although it is already a young brand, it is already sold in 50 countries.
We issue 50 collections a year, 15 separate sections.
So there is everything that a chain of stores should have.
From Dubai to Moscow, we can match the needs of consumers from different geographies.
Now we are opening a store in Paris in March, which is the beginning of a new and exciting period...
Is it necessary to open a store in Paris?
- Yes.
Not because Europe's economic situation is unique.
But you open some stores for the image.
Paris would have shops in fashion capitals such as London, and the money would come from the Middle East.
One is prestige for a brand, the other is money, and both are necessary for a brand that plays globality.
Let's talk trends.
- A very romantic, elegant season is ahead.
Flying syphony suits, soft tones, purple, white, red.
The dances...
We live in very difficult and uncomfortable times, and in these difficult times, the fashion world always tries to bring a bit of happiness to life by bringing elegant, open-ended designs to the stage.
And that's what we did.
Therefore, the new season brings back the "crisis era".
Let's return to your years at Victoria's Secret.
Who was the legend? -Karolina Kurkova.
I'm not just talking about her fantastic physicality: she's so positive, she's such a good girl!
He sat next to me while I was working, handing me a helping hand, "My life, are you hungry?"
It was so sweet.
You know why I'm talking about, I've researched it, and you've interviewed all the Victoria's Secret models.
Wasn't Karolina beautiful?
But Adriana Lima impressed me greatly with her beauty.
- Yes, it is!
His speech, his tone...
After a while you go, "Sit aside and look good, do something else!"
It brings senses.
True, there are shocks like this.
I did an interview with Candice Swanepoel.
She was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, but I was terrified by her promiscuity.
- Most of the time now.
The new melecs are not the same as before...
I remember the days of Gisele.
Working with him was also a challenge.
The church came in, smoking like a rat.
Not so with Tirana.
If no one can eat, only he can drink!
Let him be a 'tycoon'.
The Victoria's Secret show, released two months ago, received the lowest rating ever.
Why do you think that?
- As I said, it's time for the fairytale.
I'll tell you what to do with Gigi Hadid.
What's nice about that?
Kendall Jenner like wood...
I have no rage, nothing.
Kate Moss also became the biggest name in the fashion industry with zero curves.
- Yes, but how beautiful his face was.
I want to use my right of appeal here.
I gave an interview last year, and a face was shattered...
- So much for smoking, so much for drinking, now of course he's ugly.
But there was so much beauty in them.
Her characters were like Brigitte Bardot.
He was at the end of his supermodel era.
To the times of Linda Evangelista, Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington...
Christy was my neighbour and I saw him without a facelift every morning.
There is no such thing as beauty, no such thing as hospitality.
What about Cara Delevingne?
- He is doing himself a disservice.
Not every campaign is covered in that.
People are frustrated.
There is no hunger for celebrity models, as there was before.
People want to see real faces, like them, in the campaigns.
And we will go after that.
Because this is the trend.
Turkey's letter from 25 authors
Writers, including the presidents of the International Writers' Union (PEN) in Britain, Wales and Scotland, said that threats and physical attacks against their colleagues, journalists and publishers in Turkey have become a regular part of life.
It also listed two attacks on the Turkish daily Hurriyet, the Koza group raid and the detention of Vice News reporters, as well as investigations and arrests of journalists.
Half-time mother's right sparks debate
"We think that mothers have been given the right to work part-time so that rent work can be reinstated."
"This could be a trumpet horse," TIRANA said. "We are concerned whether this regulation in favour of women could impede their work."
The commission passed through a full-day round of discussions on new rights for civil servants and workers, intended to introduce women workers after birth or after adoption.
"Contractive labour" was the most frequent topic during the commission discussions of regulations introducing six months of part-time work after birth, or free leave, and the possibility of working part-time until the child reaches elementary school age.
Musa Czam, a CHP Izmir deputy, says it is right to have a part-time job until the child goes to primary school, but that he has some concerns. "If you bring the hiring arrangement behind this, we will be facing the end," he said.
Enis Bağdadioglu, who participated in the commission discussions on behalf of Turk-İş, said they share similar concerns. "We have doubts about how to fill the position of a woman employee in part-time work," he said.
If hired labour is again raised at this time, there will be new problems that will multiply subcontract work, says Bağdadioglu. "We will therefore carefully monitor developments regarding the private employment bureaus," he added.
TIR General-Secretary Bulent Pirler said the law provides for five years of part-time work. "No other country offers such a long period of part-time work," he added.
And look at it this way.
"In places where there are one or two employees, one has to think about the consequences of this practice," he said.
TOBB Architect Ahmet Shapar said there will be difficulties in finding workers if the practice is implemented.
There is no legislation on rules for semi-employment, he said. "When there is regulation of the private employment bureaus, there should be a consensus between the worker and the employer," he added.
Metin Feyzioglu: We do not support
"We do not agree with this declaration; it is not possible for us to agree and support it," Feyzioglu said.
Because there is not a word of criticism of the PKK.
You didn't say a single word negative to the PKK, to the separatist terrorist organisation, you didn't put dust on it.
The harsh words, directed only at the state, are not serious and sincere, given that we are the ones who make them.
We are lawyers, we are lawyers.
If those who represent the state, public officials, security forces are acting against the law in this framework, let us follow them.
When we say, "Don't destroy the state," they attack us with, "Absolute, fascist," to romanticize remnants of the period of tyranny, or sympathy for separatists.
When we say, "This state must act according to the law, must always uphold the law," they say, "You are separatists."
We are the bridge.
We are always obliged to tell the truth.
Van hit by armoured car bomb
The incident occurred at around 8:45 pm, near the Akkopru Elementary and High School in Akkopru Mahallesi in the central Tushba County.
Hand-made explosives, left on the side of the road by PKK terrorists, were remotely activated while the armoured police vehicle passed.
No one was killed or injured, and the armoured car suffered damage.
Police in the gate: 30 detentions
Twenty-one people were detained.
"The prosecution is investigating the crimes of "making propaganda of a terrorist organisation" and "denigrating the moral personality of the state," state prosecutor Mustafa Kucuk said.
The suspects were released.
BOLU: The houses of 2 academics from the Faculty of Public Literature at Abant Izet Baysal University and 1 from the Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences were searched, as well as the rooms at the university.
Three academics were released by prosecutors.
RESOURCE: Ramazan Kurt, a researcher at Ataturk University, has been detained.
He was released at the request of the court.
ILS: Istanbul's Anatolian State Prosecutor's Office has launched an investigation against 82 university professors and 41 professors from the Bakirkoy State Prosecutor's Office.
VAN: The Public Prosecutor's Office has launched an investigation against 4 academics.
One academic was detained.
ZONGULDAK: The detention of Bulent Ecevit University, Faculty of Ethno-Literacy psychology Chairman Yyrd. Dr Oznur Oncul, was postponed after his testimony.
RESOURCE: The prosecution has launched an investigation against Dilek Ozhan Kocek, the head of the journalism department at the Tepelevo Faculty of Communications, the University of Samsun.
BURSA: Three university professors from Uludag University were detained and taken to court.
The academics were later released.
INSERT: Professor Mehmet Zencir of Pamukkale University has testified at the court on appeal.
MUGLA: Sidiki Kocman University has launched an investigation against 9 academics.
SIPA: The University of Bingol has announced the launch of an administrative investigation against Professor Emeritus Eda Erdener of the Faculty of Science Literature.
Who's Next?
His original name was Belgian Sarılmışer and he was born on 16 July 1960 in Mersin.
After his parents divorced, his mother, Sebahat Cakir, settled in Ankara in 1966.
After attending the Yunus Emre Elementary School, Yeni Mahalle entered the Ankara State Conservatory's Piano department, but left due to financial problems and grew older, working for some time at the PTT.
In 1979, he went out for a party with friends at the Feyman Nightclub, where he accepted an offer to work after appearing on stage.
Feyman performed at the Nightclub, accompanied by the Grup Lokomotif orchestra, with repertoires of Turkish Art Music, Turkish Hafif Music and period-era instruments.
After Ankara, he went to Adana for work, where he met Halis Serbes and married a year later.
In 1982, Atlas removed its first plough from Plak, "I Have Life".
While pursuing her artistic career, she could not resist the violence of her husband. On several occasions, she fled her husband.
In October 1982, while working in Izmir, her husband beat her to death.
In that attack, he lost one eye and burned a large part of his body. After treatment, he was persuaded and performed by the composer of the song "Kimbilir?" popularising Kibirija, Cengiz Ozseker.
Performing in Izmir's Pirlanta Pavyon, owned by Ozseker until 1985, he and his boss produced a demo tape called "The Brotherly Heart" and sent it to Yasar Kekeva.
Kekeva liked him and invited him to visit Istanbul.
Taking his first professional longplay on the Istanbul music scene, "Human Severse", under the musical direction of Burhan Bayar, he became famous for his "Law of Dreams", released in late 1986.
In April 1987, the record company awarded the album with the Golden Tape and the Golden Cassette for "1986 Best Satan-Portrait Female Artist".
The same year, Yalcin faced the camera with Gulhan, Asuman Arsan and Meral Niron in "Lady of the Dreams", a movie written and directed by Ulku Erakalin.
He attracted a huge crowd of fans, and was spared in the last minute of a stabbing attack in Adana, where he attended the concert.
Leaving the stage for a while, he released his albums "Onu da Yak Tanrım", "Sevgimin Bedeli" and "I do not want" respectively, directed by great masters Selami Sahin, Ozer Senaj and Cengiz Tekin.
In April 1989, she officially divorced her husband and returned to the stages in June 1989 with her last album, "Years Without Forgiveness", while still alive.
He began promotional tours of his album, which attracted a lot of interest. He was gunned down by his wife on the night of August 14th 1989, when she divorced him in Adana Province, on August 15th.
She was buried in Mersin.
He also covered his 29-year brief life with 5 longplays and a video with 129 songs on 11 cassettes.
Allegations that the artist, who signed the arabesque with his distinctive and powerful voice, had become legendary came true on the day his album "Young Night" was released after his death.
His studio albums, officially released:
1982 - Reprinted as MC in 1986.
1983 - Brothers Gone LP (reissued as MC in 1985 and 1990).
1985 - Humane Severse LP, MC (reissued as CD in 1999).
1986 - Dreams of a Woman LP, MC (reprinted as a CD in 1999).
1987 - Onu da Yak Tanrım LP, MC (reprinted as a CD in 1999).
1988 - Love's Price MC (reissued as a CD in 1999).
1988 - I don't want a LP, MC (reprinted as a CD in 1999).
1989 - Years Affetmez (Actually the last album) MC (reissued as a CD in 1999).
1990 - Outgoing Youth MC (reprinted as a CD in 1999).
1990 - Garibin Cilesi Mezarda Biter MC (reprinted as a CD in 1999).
1991 - Final Interconnection MC, CD
Nazim Hikmet celebrated his 114th birthday
Nazim Hikmet Ran, known as Memleket Sairi, was commemorated in 114 years with the "Good Nature Nazim" event.
The event, organised by the Konak Municipality, took place at the Guzelyali Culture Centre in the hall named for the poet.
The event featured poetry and music readings, performed by the celebrated poet's poetry, theatre and cinema actor Rrustu Azali.
In addition, the event was accompanied by a performance by the Three-Anatolian Musical Ensemble.
Nazim Hikmet accompanied the event to several art lovers.
Among them were Ali Seckiner Alici, Erkoc Torun, Nedim Yildiz and Zeynep Goknur Yildiz, and Zija Ozsökmenler.
In Istanbul, the event was organised by the Nazim Hikmet Culture and Art Foundation.
Foundation President Rutkay Aziz and members gathered in Tarabya for the event, acting player Tarik Akan, daughter of Vera Tulyakova, wife of Nazim Hikmet, and granddaughter.
He will read poetry and leave carnations in the sea, with the slogan "Life is lonely like a tree and sorrow like a forest".
The event, organised in co-operation with Sariyer Municipality, will be accompanied by songs by the Nazim Hikmet Choir.
Nazim Hikmet was born on 15 January 1902.
World-renowned poet Nazim Hikmet's poetry has been translated into more than 50 languages.
He was arrested several times for his political views and spent most of his adult life in prison or in exile.
Their poetry has been translated into more than a half a dozen languages and their works have won many awards.
He also died on 3 June 1963.
Bursa's Nilüfer Municipality dedicated the 114th anniversary of the birth of world-renowned poet Nazim Hikmet.
The municipality, which is working on a documentary about Nazim's 11-year-old days in Bursa prison, "Bursa's Nazimi", also issued a personal stamp for the poet for the first time in Turkish history.
This marked the first time in the history of Turkey that a personal stamp of Nazim Hikmet was issued in co-operation with the PTT.
Priced at 1.40 TL, the special stamp and first-day envelope will be presented to guests on Thursday (January 14th) at the Nazim Hikmet Culture Centre.
Bikers to be deported by bus
However, since no agreement has been reached between the two countries, the majority of the refugees -- who are Syrians -- will have to turn the back of the wheel by 20 degrees this time and return to Russia.
Citing safety and cheaper prices during the summer months, a group of refugees flew to Russia and then travelled north from Murmansk to Norway.
Because the agreement between the two countries did not allow them to cross the border on foot, they crossed it by bicycle.
Norway has now decided to send them back.
That's why Norwegian police have ordered repairs of bicycles thrown out after crossing the border.
"3 billion euros for Turkey" crisis in the EU
A crisis continues over 3 billion euros pledged to help refugees in Belgium.
European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker has criticised Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi for blocking the transfer of funds to Turkey.
The mood between Italy and the rest of Europe is not good, Juncker said, underlining that the EU must find 3 billion euros.
"This money is not for Turkey, but for Syrian refugees in Turkey," Juncker said.
We have not reached 3 billion yet.
"This is an issue of EU accountability and therefore it is important," he said.
Juncker said he expects the money to be completed by January 26th, the previous deadline.
Italy is one of the countries that has drawn attention with its positive stance when it comes to Turkey.
Diplomatic sources say Rome's stance on the fiscal package is not a direct move towards Turkey and is linked to problems between Italy and the EU Commission and some of the Union's member states.
Tensions have been simmering between Italy and the EU.
Renzi continued to sharply criticise German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the EU during and after the last EU summit on energy, banking and immigrants.
Criticising Renzi's stance at yesterday's press conference, Juncker said "Renzi should stop blaming the EU."
"It is wrong for Renzi, who I love so much, to humiliate the EU Commission at every opportunity," she said.
Juncker hinted that Renzi is playing into the public's hearts.
Of the 3 billion euros pledged to Turkey, 1 billion euros will be secured from the EU budget.
The 2 billion euros will come from member states' budgets.
Germany will contribute at least 427m euros.
Declaring that it would not transfer money to Turkey for political reasons, the Greek administration agreed to transfer the 2.3m euros of its share to the EU budget to support Jordan and Lebanon.
The project envisions the recovery of the mine in the period between 2016 and 2017.
I cried when I saw the Chalie Hebdo cartoon
Speaking to the Russian official news agency Sputnik, father Abdullah Kurdi reacted fiercely, saying, "I cried for this caricature when you wanted it right."
"I felt very bad about myself," she said.
Father Kurdi said he expected positive things from the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, which became a symbol of freedom of expression after the shooting he suffered.
Unfortunately, they made a bad caricature.
Everyone was upset with the caricature.
He was a 2-year-old boy and died.
He was supposed to respect Charlie Hebdo, me and my family, but he has done the opposite.
This magazine should respect the dead children.
They published a disrespectful caricature of the Prophet's office.
They even published on Allah's Day.
It is a small thing done to my child in front of God and the Lord.
Kurdi, who lives in Arbil, appealed: "All the world and the magazine of humour, everyone should respect all the children who died."
Shouldn't their families suffer.
Aylan Kurdi's Canadian native, Tima Kurdi, reacted to the caricature.
Laurent 'Riss' Sourisseau, a 3 year old Syrian Aylan Kurdi, who scored a dead body on the beach of Bodrum in a signed caricature, is said to be 'one of the abusers in Germany' when he grows up.
French humorous magazine Charlie Hebdo, which was hit by an attack last year that killed 12 people by Islamic fundamentalists, citing the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed, has again become a hotbed of controversy over its cartoon of Aylan Kurdi.
The cartoon depicts shy-faced bullies chasing women, who call immigrants, as in the case of abuse of women during New Year's celebrations, especially in Cologne, Germany.
The caricature, which provoked different reactions on social media, is actually part of a 4 square column.
The column reads "France is not" and, according to many readers, criticises rising anti-refugee sentiment, along with other lost French values.
On the other hand, the caricature has prompted many to accuse Charlie Hebdo of racism.
In a number published last year, Charlie Hebdo praised Germany for agreeing to receive 800,000 refugees, while criticising France's unwillingness to open its doors to migrants.
"He was getting very close to his goal," the cartoon said, while the billboard read "For a price two children's menu".
Germans killed in "Sultanahmet" get autopsies in Germany
According to the online page of the weekly Der Spiegel, the German Federal Prosecutor's Office has ordered the transfer of the 10 victims of the attack to Germany.
The funerals of the deceased will be flown home and at the airport by a German Air Force aircraft, tomorrow or today.
In Germany, experts from the Identification Commission of the Federal Criminal Office (BKA), which handles forensic procedures, travel to countries where there are incidents involving German citizens who died in accidents or attacks under normal conditions, and conduct IDs and autopsies there.
This time, however, the situation will be different, wrote Der Spiegel.
According to the magazine, authorities from the Federal Criminal Office have approached Turkish authorities to conduct an identity and autopsy of the deceased in Istanbul, but the Turkish authorities refused.
Following the Istanbul attack, the Federal Criminal Office sent four experts to Istanbul.
Seven German tourists who were injured in the attack are being treated at the hospital.
Ellen Meiksins Wood dies
Meiksins Wood, a prominent political theorist and socialist historian, was particularly well-known for his work on the origins of capitalism.
Meiksins Wood, who was born in New York in 1942, is a Latvian author whose works are also published in Turkish: Escape from class -- The Archaic Culture of Capitalism -- Capitalism vs Democracy -- The Origin of Capitalism -- Capitalist Empire -- Return to Marx
Swimming pool ban for asylum seekers
German media reported that the municipality would lift the ban if social workers at home reported that the message of the ban was understood by asylum seekers.
Social agency worker Markus Schnapka, who noted to the WDR that the municipality does not want to punish the innocent for the behaviour of a few people, said they informed them in three languages about the values that are important in Germany.
Noting the importance of gender equality for Germany, he said the municipality would punish any attacks and abuses.
Meanwhile, the carnival procession in Rheinberg has been cancelled due to possible mobbing scandals in Cologne during the upcoming carnival procession.
The municipality announced the cancellation of the carnival parade, as it is not guaranteed that there will not be any incidents of harassment.
What are the benefits of cooking Bujarda?
The technique of cooking on a baking pan -- a technique that does not kill the vitamins and minerals in beans -- is becoming increasingly popular.
Baking on a baking pan -- one of the most preferred cooking techniques in the Far East for centuries -- strengthens metabolism and facilitates sweating.
This completely eliminates problems such as deficiency and kills the bacteria and microbes found in the beads.
The contents of the belly, such as protein, selenium and starch, are completely eliminated by this technique, which makes the food softer.
Baking with stew is done under low pressure and is done in a pan with the help of stew containers or a steam engine.
For cooking at high pressure, the amount of water is needed and the cooking time is short.
The best example is cooking on a stovetop.
To cook foods, such as the ones on the diet menu, one must first wash the vegetables thoroughly and then put them in a sour pan and wait for them to sour.
A deep pot is filled with a third of the water and the evaporator is placed inside.
Leave the container's mouth semi-closed.
This allows the steam to come out of the pan more comfortably.
The temperature of January is first raised to the highest level, allowing water to be boiled, and then the temperature of January is lowered to a steady temperature.
Baked in a baking pan for about 10 to 15 minutes, the vegetables and fillings are then checked with cooking oil.
Fried vegetables are cooked and placed on plates to serve.
The appearance, colour and smell of the beehive is unchangeable in Bujarda cooking, so it is healthy.
The food's distinctive flavour remains the same.
Thus, the quality and flavour of the food is preserved.
At the same time, as one of the most economical cooking methods -- baking on a baking pan -- loss of fat is minimal.
Buharda-baked vegetables are more authentic and lively, offering a delicious feast to the flesh.
This method is often preferred because it is light, especially when it comes to dietary preparations.
David Bowie - Blackstar: Uzayl's "last" album
Knowing he's going to die; making that last album without telling anyone, turning the deathbed into an artistic expression in the clip you shoot...
Businesses like this may seem too "ugly" for us world fans.
I say world fans because I'm deeply convinced that the man who did that is both dead and alive in space.
He came to Earth from some other corner of the globe; now he is back in his homeland; that is all.
It happened because there was an inspiration that should have been given to artists all over the world, not just Kiss, Marilyn Manson or Lady Gaga.
He finished his term with dignity.
David Bowie, Blackstar, for iTunes price: 9.99 TL 5/5
He was raised by Warhol, probably from his concubine, Kubrick.
When Apollo 11 landed on the moon, he decided to say "This is something or I'm in space," and we got confused by saying "Space Oddity."
He wasn't really involved; he was just a few steps ahead.
Thanks to him, many have found their way back home.
Both the musician and listener...
It would be unfair to say that "it was just music," leaving aside his interest in plastic art and acting.
Their personal characters, moving from song to song, their sending, their innovation, their taboo, their discography are an artistic whole for me.
Neither can I call myself the father of glam rock, nor the cousin of punk...
What will happen to all those vague electronic gestures that I have concealed as a love since childhood?
David Bowie stopped by reminding us of the meaning of the word "ikon" as we kept it in our mouths for years.
He was not a man, he was not a woman; he was not a "man".
It was a body.
He has been with us for some time due to a mission.
He left that world two days after his 26th studio album, "Blackstar", was published.
Before the album was released, he tried to introduce us to "Blackstar" and "Lazarus".
We thought, "He is alive now, talking about death," and he was aware of everything.
One more last game...
Aside from the glorious "Blackstar" and "Lazarus", which lift the burden of messages and emotions, the album was released much earlier, but with the re-recorded "Sue (Or In A Season Of Crime)", "'Tis A Pity She Was A Whore" and four other songs.
The rest, "Girl Loves Me", "I Can't Give Everything Away" and "Dollar Days", are also very good songs.
In all, "Blackstar" is based on a very strong musical structure, but it is also so intimate, as it is made with emotions of nostalgia.
Neither death nor a "computing with the past" album...
It's just a real "last" album.
"The End" is an autobiography of a musical life.
Sultanahmet attack targets Turkey
German Federal Police Chief Holger Munch spoke on Tuesday about the attack in Sultanahmet Square, in which ten German citizens were killed, during a programme with Germany's top station, ARD.
The target of the attack, he said, was Turkey, not German citizens.
"400 Villages in Motion"
But the Sultanahmet attack has not changed the danger of terrorism in Germany, he said, adding, "We are still under a threat that needs to be taken seriously."
The number of people who have travelled to Syria from Germany to join WMD has decreased, he said, noting that many have returned from war zones.
This is a huge challenge for the security services, he said. "There are almost 400 dangerous people that we should not be monitoring right now," he added.
He demanded better co-ordination and closer communication between police forces across Europe.
Turkish officials said the live bomb that staged the Sultanahmet attack was a Syrian citizen and a member of the Islamic Jihad, while German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the attacker's identity had not been identified yet.
Sezen Aksu bids farewell on stage
Celebrating its 40th anniversary with a series of concerts, Sezen Aksu thrilled fans with his "Years of Sezen" concert at the Volkswagen Arena last evening.
The first part of the July concert series ended on January 15th and 16th at the Volkswagen Arena.
Aksu took the audience on a 40-year journey from dawn to the present.
In addition to the love songs that pervade our personal lives, Aksu performed songs about social issues that are of close interest to our country and the world.
Aksu, who said he would leave the stage after performing the concerts he had promised, upset fans.
During the "Sezen Years" concert, Sezen Aksu appeared before the crowd of fans at the Volkswagen Arena, each with a different story.
Each story, performance, light and stage show took audiences to a different era.
At the end of the unforgettable concert, a video screening of Istanbul paintings by Devrim Erbil took place.
It was also the first time that Aksu took part on stage with fans, who had previously recorded the videos, making her a guest on stage.
bread price rises by 25 kunas in Ankara, Istanbul
In Ankara, as of yesterday, 250 grams of bread could be bought for 25 cents, up from 1 TL.
"No plans," said Food, Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Minister Faruk Celik and Customs and Trade Minister Bulent Tufenci a year and a half ago, especially amid rumours of "a price hike" in December.
In the capital, Ankara, however, 250 grams of bread were sold yesterday for 1 TL.
"The price has not been raised, the tariff decision was implemented two years ago," said Halil İbrahim Balci, the head of Turkey's Federation of Bakers, referring to the 25 kuna price.
"That was a tariff decision two years ago."
The Union of Crafts' Chambers established the tariff two years ago.
A price in general in Turkey.
So there was no new round of increases and no increases.
Because of the competition, however, shopkeepers in some areas of Ankara were selling for 75 cents.
In some areas, it was already sold for 1 TL.
Shoppers who relied on their shop, their bread, did not lower prices. Because of competition, they now have to charge 1 TL.
There is no increase or hike.
They charge an unpaid price.
"The price of the kilogram of bread in the first half of 2016 will definitely not exceed 5 TL and we will complete the year with this price if we do not have a lot of problems."
In some parts of Istanbul, bread has begun to sell for 1.25 TL.
Terrorism scars Burkina Faso, this time around
Twenty-three people from 18 different countries were killed in the attack, which targeted a luxurious hotel in the West African country of Burkina Faso that is known to be favoured by foreigners and UN agents.
The attack was carried out by al-Qaeda's North Africa branch.
The attack in Burkina Faso comes four days after the IazaD staged a terrorist attack in the capital of Jakarta, Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim nation with a population of 250 million.
A Canadian and an Indonesian died in a daytime bombing and shooting at a Starbucks branch and police station on a busy street chock-full of foreign embassies, luxury hotels and shops.
Indonesian authorities said they were inspired by the November 13th Paris massacre.
British BBC security correspondent Frank Garner noted that the move was part of a daunting trend in many cities around the world recently.
The United States was also recently torn by terrorism.
Early last December, 14 people were killed in a shooting incident in the US city of San Bernardino, where a couple of I think-tank sympathisers shelled.
'San Bernardino' attack rocks US
German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere recalled that terrorist attacks were taking place around the world after a live bomb attack in Sultanahmet killed ten German tourists. "We had two big attacks in Paris."
If we say that, then terror gains...
We used the phrase "without a step back".
IWPR abandons Whatsapp Alrawi app
According to a new report, the terrorist group I thinks it is using its own chat tool to communicate independently of chat applications such as I thinks it can, like WhatsApp and Telegram.
According to the Defense One report, the organisation is benefiting from a new communications practice to communicate amongst itself.
This app for Android, called "Alrawi", is distributed and loaded via an Apk file.
The implementation allows the organisation to communicate encryptedly among themselves and share media.
I think we're in the middle of something.
The functionality of the app remains "free" in the face of popular applications like WhatsApp and Telegram, according to the Ghost Security Group.
It is not known for the time being how strong the decoding is.
Previously, the I BSID did all its communication via the Telegram application, which allowed sending messages via encrypted connection.
However, the telegram revealed channels in which I company members spoke.
Moreover, the US administration is demanding that developers set up back doors to its implementation.
So instead of relying on encryption of WhatsApp and Telegram, the organisation is now using its own solutions.
IAEA: Iran is a nuclear satellite to deal
Speaking at a news conference in Vienna, he said Iran had fulfilled its obligations under the nuclear treaty and that the United States had officially lifted economic sanctions on Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) announced that Iran had fulfilled its obligations under the nuclear treaty.
Iranian President Hasan Rouhani posted a message on Twitter to the Iranian public, congratulating the six world nations and Tehran on the lifting of the post-nuclear deal sanctions.
Fenerbahce, veterans' champion!
Besiktas, Fenerbahce, Galatasaray and Trabzonspor are competing against each other in a league format, and the 4 Greater Halls Tournament ended last night with a final match.
Fenerbahce won the championship after winning the match at the Sakarya Open Sports Hall, 8-6.
Fenerbahce started the match quickly and ended the first half 5-1, with an influential play, especially by Marco Aurelio.
Under tremendous pressure in the first minutes of the second round, Galatasaray scored five-five goals.
However, Fenerbahce survived the shock, scoring two more goals and winning the match, 8-6.
In Fenerbahce, legends such as Elvir Balic, Mehmet Aurelio and Ceyhun Eris have played, while in Galatasaray, legends such as Ayhan Akman, Umit Karan, Papen Mustafa and Hasan Shash have played.
How should the so-called semester be evaluated?
We asked educational expert-teacher Murat Aydin how students should evaluate their semester holiday.
The summer holiday is only for students; it should not be considered recreation, entertainment, spending time in front of the TV and the computer.
The summer holiday is a very important opportunity to prepare for the new schooling period and to review the past.
The so-called half-life vacation is also an important opportunity for personal development, learning, skills and hobbies.
Make a list of positive assessments.
Whatever you plan to do, write it down and try to implement it.
Be assured that you will enjoy it and have a fairly productive sampling period.
Let's talk about what a fruitful period of study should look like now, especially for the student friends who are preparing for YGS-LYS.
Because the most frequent questions we get from our friends who are preparing for the YGS-LYS exams are: "How should we evaluate this period, should we solve a lot of questions or should we solve the ones we lack?"
In order both to answer them and to have a productive period, let's start by offering some advice to our exam-prepared friends.
Preparation for the exam should be a process that starts in 9th grade under normal circumstances, but we are trying to complete it mainly during the last year, which for us makes the last year more effective, efficient and time-consuming.
In addition to preparing for exams, the senior must also complete the school written work together.
The graduating student has taken the exam (YGS-LYS) at least once, and even if he is experienced, it is critical for him that the year he prepares to take the exam again as a graduate student.
Because most graduate students and their parents see the 'O' year as their last chance, and this creates a greater amount of stress.
Teaching is the work a student does, not because it is not pleasant, but because he feels compelled, and that is why he usually ends it at the very end, but for the students who make it regular, make it habit, it has become a complete obligation and it is always planned what will be done when and what will be done.
Now we have a half-term holiday in front of us, and we should make the best out of it.
That will require a plan that will enable us to manage time well.
Study at the Half Year's Holiday:
Everybody should plan according to their circumstances first and foremost.
It has to plan the day, the week and the 15-day period.
During this period, issues should be repeated and questions should be answered.
At the same time, low-achieving students can take the average of one to two tests.
Answering the missing questions: Research shows that 75 per cent of people forget 75 per cent of what they have learned in one week, 66 per cent in one day and 54 per cent in an hour.
The best and most effective way to eradicate forgetting is through repeats.
Students who make too many mistakes, especially on past subjects, should focus on general rework.
Identify your missing issues first and plan them day-to-day, place them on a daily basis and get them over with.
This planning will help you both academically and psychologically.
Keep in mind that when placing topics in your plan, you make the most mistakes.
Because in the future you will not have such a long holiday period.
Ask for Solution:
As important as it is to ask the question again and again.
Because we can only see how much we invest in our work from the feedback loops we solve.
Keep in mind that each day has a specific number of answers to questions.
The number of questions you ask may vary depending on the work you do that day; you may not be able to solve too many on a day of subject-oriented work, but still at least we have to do a certain amount of problem solving in order to see how much we have learned about the subject on that day.
Resolve Examination:
Another task you will have to do during your half-year vacation is solving the essays.
Even if not all subjects have been solved, you can at least solve the text-examination solutions.
Let's say that you've mostly mastered the Turkish language; you can solve the Turkish language essays, which are 40 questions long.
And keep trying to do it.
If you can solve the 40 Turkish questions in 60 minutes at the beginning, let your next goal be to solve them in a few minutes if possible.
Honeymoon & Honeymoon Plan:
Of course, vacations are not just about studying; you should also take a few days off for holidays, relaxation and hobbies.
Just having a vacation of lecture work will prevent you from being dexterous and relaxed.
Therefore, there must be special moments in your plans that you will devote to yourself.
Reading a book, watching TV, surfing the internet may be among your plans, but the most important thing is how much time you will spend.
I will give a little advice to my friends, who say I did not have a fruitful first term.
If you say that my first term was not very good, I didn't work hard and I had too many shortcomings, this spring break is a great opportunity for you too.
But you have to make that decision and believe in it first and foremost.
The top scorers in the Turkish football super league for the 2009-10 season were scored between the 76th and 90th minute.
Now you answer your own question: is the match over and are you going to the dressing room, or is the match still going on and have a lot of minutes to score?
I don't think anyone wants to say "we're going to watch the next games," which is a classic comment by a defeated football team coach or its players.
All you have to do now is leave the past behind and look ahead, not walk but run.
To sum up our words:
1) Make a half-year holiday plan a priority,
2) Go back over the issues you know,
3) Resolve your missing issues,
4) Resolve problems and consolidate them;
5) solve the examinations,
6. Read books,
7. Set new goals for the new era;
8) Spend time with yourself, your hobbies and what you enjoy.
9. Spend time with family and friends.
10) Spend time on social and cultural activities (events, sports, theatre, concerts, trips, picnics, etc.)
'Kervan' takes a long road
Sinasi Demirel and Hasan, founders of Kervan -- one of Turkey's largest 'home' chains, with 45 stores per 1,000 square meters on average -- joined Kervan's Home Sweet Home, which has 17 stores abroad and 25 domestically.
With the transaction, which was recently completed with business registration, Kervan also owns 17 Home Sweet Home stores abroad.
There are still no Kervan stores abroad, says Shinasi Demirel. "Now we will continue with big stores with Kervan, and with smaller stores with Home Sweet Home."
"The country will open its doors abroad," he said.
The merger of Home Sweet Home, 50m lira in 2015 turnover, and Kervan, 90m lira, created a chain of retailers with a turnover of 140m lira and a production capacity.
Kervan has 45 caves in 35 provinces and a total sales area of 45,000 square metres.
Twenty-five of the stores belong to the parent company.
Kervan employs about 500 people.
Home Sweet Home, meanwhile, has 17 stores at home and 25 abroad, with a total sales area of 6,500 square metres and 320 employees.
"We are religious and we entered this sector in 1998," says Kadir Kalajcioglu, executive director of Home Sweet Home, which produces, exports and stores with its partner Alev Pakten.
Since then, with the support of the Sinasi Beys, we have been trying to develop a brand.
Sinasi Bey is the 'TRT' of this industry.
And we learned a lot from her.
We even started shopping when he gave us the Ak-Central store.
Kervan and I were already working as strategic partners, not as competitors.
"Now, with this merger, a very serious synergy will emerge," he said.
Currently, he says, Home Sweet Home has 17 stores abroad, mostly in the Middle East, and started exporting to China last month.
"We also opened our first bunker in Shanghai," he said.
We agreed on a chain of 200 stores.
"After that, we will develop the big store abroad as Kervan, and the small store as Home Sweet Home," he said.
Poroshenko sells his Russian plant
Roshen CEO Vyacheslav Moskalevsky, who spoke to the Liga.net news site, said the plant has been put up for sale for $200m.
"Yes, we have put the factory for sale."
"As soon as it became available, all the real buyers disappeared," he said, explaining that there were no buyers.
Regarding the price of the firm's plant in Lipetsk, Russia, Moskalevsky said "We have set it at about $200m."
Roshen, which produces 450,000 tonnes of chocolate and sweets per year, is owned by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, one of the world's largest producers.
Yildiz Holding becomes Pladis abroad
Yildiz Holding has merged global companies that operate in the biscuit and chocolate sectors it purchased under the name "Pladis".
The merger, which brings together the de Mets, Godiva, United Biscuits and Ulker brands, creates a new $5.2 billion food giant with 26,000 employees.
"Being a global company was our goal from the very beginning," Yildiz Holding Board of Directors President Murat Ulker said at a meeting on merging global companies within Yildiz Holding.
Murat Ulker broadcasts the 335m lira sale live from Periscope
Established 72 years ago, Yildiz Holding is now a global brand, a global company, in the business of sweetening biscuits.
In that time, we have developed from sweetening biscuits to retailing, packaging, real estate, personal care and various industries.
We have 77 factories, 300 brands and thousands of points of sale in 14 countries.
All Yildiz Holding is "a family of more than 50,000 people," said Ulker. "We want to focus on our main business, which is chocolate making, and to be global in this field as soon as we look at the possibilities in our family, which is why we are reorganising," he said.
A biography of Ulker's father, Sabri Bey
We are rethinking our structure, reorganising our company.
We have divided the world into regions.
And we shared these regions with our CEOs.
Mehmet, Muhammed and Jeff will be our regional CEOs.
Mehmet Tutucu is responsible for Turkey's Middle East, Africa and the Turkish Republics.
Mohamed Elsarky is a resident of our global Godiva business, as well as of the US continent and Japan.
Jeff van der Eems will be responsible for Britain, continental Europe and Africa.
Ali Ulker, a guru of quality and innovation, will take on global responsibility in his field, while Cem Karakas will help me with the job.
China and Russia will be the new regions that we will form and develop, in part, Southeast Asia.
Murat Ulker sells stake in SAF GYO
"Every warmth brings happiness to the whole world," Murat Ulker said. "The global global community we formed to make this happen is called Pladis."
"In fact, when you ask me where you made the invention of clay, I don't have any special meaning," he said.
The Aztecs call it Maya.
The Japanese are Subaru and Pervin in Iran.
In Arabic, we are inspired by the name of the team star Pleiades, which means seven stars in Latin, which comes from the land of Ulker.
So we translated nasipse Ulker globally.
Ali Ulker, deputy chairman of Yildiz Holding, stressed that by co-operating with laboratories in different countries, "we have started to create synergy in innovation."
We have very valuable AR-GE teams, and by bringing these teams together we have achieved certain synergies so far in working on an AR-GE platform.
We have 27 Ar-GE centres under Pladis.
The largest are in Turkey and the United Kingdom.
We have over 300 AR-GE specialists working here.
The synergy work is already showing results.
The drage (Nibbles) of Digestives, which was produced in Ulker and will be exported to the United Kingdom, is produced in the Ulker chocolate factory in Silivri.
Another example of synergy: Ukrainian Krispi Tarty with different brands but the same products.
We soon adapted a UK-developed cracker technology, or Jacob's Crinklys product, to Turkey, giving our country a nice nickname, Ulker Krispi Tirtyci.
Laviva, which we all know very well, met with American consumers today.
Call of Duty series exceeds 250 million lines
Activision, Infinity Ward, Treyarch and Sledgehammer Games have all wrought their names into the game world with golden letters, and this sequence will not be forgotten for years to come.
There is good evidence of how legendary we should find the newly announced sales figures in particular.
Activision, which holds the license for the series, showed 250 million copies in the number of sales it privately shared at the end of the year.
Earlier last year, the company shared the total number of sales of the whole series and has since managed to sell 75 million Call of Duty games.
Much of that figure is undoubtedly in the Black Ops 3 game, and we may not be wrong.
Kemal Kilicdaroglu re-elected as head of state
In the usual practice, Kemal Kilicdaroglu was re-elected as leader.
Kilicdaroglu, who received 990 votes out of 1,238 delegates casting ballots, is the new president.
Out of the votes cast, 248 were invalidated.
Following the announcement of the outcome, supporters cheered.
The CHP had a total of 1,275 delegates.
The board completed its work Sunday at 10.00.
In essence, he said:
We would like to see games played here, to hear carols.
But the point is not sinister.
There is a reality of an unmanageable Turkey.
The atmosphere overshadows them all.
The dark picture is the result of those who run the country.
As CHP members, we are against terrorism, no matter where it comes from.
Terrorism is a crime of humanity and terrorists should never be pardoned.
Fighting terrorism is done with the mind, with the information, with the fire.
Of course, let's fight it, let's not let anyone else suffer.
What difference does it make from the photos in Syria, in Lebanon, the photos in the Southeast?
While sitting at the table, they made serious mistakes.
Power is to blame for all those who died, for the lack of trust, for the tears.
In 2002 they surrendered with zero terrorism, and today there is a Turkey that is turning to bloodshed.
Who is responsible?
Is Istanbul the taxi driver in Diyarbakir?
What is Turkey paying for?
We will sincerely participate in meetings on changing the laws on violence, we will share our thoughts.
We will not allow a country to be built on anyone's personal opinions.
"Let's change the coup d'etat spirit."
Houses are being raided and detained in the dark of the morning to explain this country's intellectuals' thoughts.
There are aspects we do not agree with, but people should be able to express their thoughts freely.
This dictator's demeanor says he is "eating the state's bread and enmity with the state".
And I want to ask him, what were the people who ate the government's bread and used all the government's resources to call the government when they were not thinking?
The CHP is the party that brought the biggest changes to this country.
Together, we will prepare for the fourth great revolution.
Whatever the price, we will bring freedom democracy to this country.
They can arrest us, they can detain us, whatever they do, however heavy the price is, CHP will bring freedom to this country.
I am making a clear call to you, Davutoglu.
The hiding behind the law of aggression, the man hiding, has not abandoned the coup mentality.
You awarded him a medal for service above the one who informed you.
What kind of a coup are you talking about?
It's all about manipulating the public.
Party officials listed the other 3 revolutions as follows: the 1st one ending the dictatorship and establishing the Republic; the 2nd one moving from a one-party to a multi-party era in the time of Inonu; the 3rd one introducing Bulent Ecevit and social democracy.
Their president has qualifications, duties.
Article 103 has the presidential oath.
We know how important the concept of honour and reputation is in this society.
If a man stands up and makes that promise, he will fulfil it to his death.
Because honour and dignity are indisputable for us.
The man with the dictator's deception means honour and respect for you.
What do you mean by honour and respect, why did you take this oath?
What does union honour and respect mean?
I want to learn that.
In a devout man, the concept of honour and respect is the main insult.
Their intention is not to abolish coup law, but to confiscate coup law.
They do not want a presidential system.
What is a presidency? It's a patron-led presidency.
Why do you reject the Ottoman parliamentary system?
Anyone who orders will do what is necessary.
Is parliament working well in Turkey?
He does not work for charity.
If we introduce liberal democracy, the system works.
They call the coup a coup, but they have strengthened the coup law.
Mustafa Balbay, an Izmir lawmaker who announced his candidacy for the top post, was unable to collect the signatures of the 128 delegates needed to run for the post.
"I cannot run under the current conditions," Balbay said, having collected 92 signatures.
In the boardroom, lawmakers had seats reserved for members of the party parliament (PM), the central executive board (MYK) and honour committee, while former CHP leader Deniz Baykal sat in the stands with the parties.
Instead of sitting on the seat reserved for deputies, Gulaj Yedekci came early and sat next to President Kilicdaroglu.
Yalova MP Muharrem Ince's meeting with Kilicdaroglu was one of the issues discussed at the council's lobby.
He explained that he did not accept being offered PM membership either.
Sources at the headquarters, however, claimed that the request for a meeting came from Ince and that PM membership was not proposed.
"Anyone can find out the sources of this general meeting, the content of the meeting, from Ali Ozcan, an MP from Istanbul," he shared on Twitter.
"What can I tell from the two meetings?" Ozcan asked.
It was enough to say, "I've seen you before."
He often applauded the press.
Party assembly (PM) lobbies marked the first day of the potential "Democracy, Change and Brotherhood Rally".
After his council speech, Kilicdaroglu went home and started working on the PM list.
While preparing his key list for the 100, Kilicdaroglu was informed by current MYK members that he had telephoned the 13 MYK members, except for Jakup Akkaya, Sencer Ayata, Ercan Karakas and Seyhan Erdoğdu, who did not apply for PM's post, saying he did not want to take part in the leadership.
In addition to the 100-member PM's key list, Kilicdaroglu may point to another narrowed list.
A 21-point declaration adopted unanimously by the CHP Council requested the removal of the lanes on the European Decentralisation Provision, raised by the DTK's debate on autonomy, and increased power sharing at the local level.
The declaration also set out the goals of "an end to the party-state order" and "the establishment of a just and accountable rule of law".
The board was followed by AK Party Vice President Selcuk Ozdag, HDP's Idris Baluken and MHP's Ruhsar Demirel.
Ozdag of the AK Party and the AK Party delegation left the hall after Kilicdaroglu sharply criticised President Erdogan.
"It was not possible for me to accept that he is missing the punch," he said.
"If you don't burn, I don't burn, how can darkness come to light?" read a banner reading "Peace" in Kurdish, Turkish and English, along with photographs of arrested journalists Can Dundar and Erdem Gul.
The Council opened in the morning with the singing of Grup yorum and Ahmet Kaya.
Highly applauded was the message sent to the foundation by Tahir Elci, the head of the Diyarbakir branch office, whose husband, Turkan Elci, died in the shooting.
Berkin Elvan's mother, Gulsum, and father Sami Elvan also attended.
Most applauded was the part in which Kilicdaroglu said democracy would be "deaded" regardless of the price it had to pay.
So far, the CHP has held 52 sessions -- 34 regular and 18 extraordinary -- and held its 53rd major session at the Ankara Arena.
Turnout was high.
There were more than 15,000 CHP members in the 12,000-seat hall.
However, there was no euphoria from the crowd.
The most exciting moment was when Kilicdaroglu entered the hall with his wife, Selvi Kilicdaroglu.
He continued to greet the Kilicdaroglu couple in the hall.
There was no proof of the discipline observed in the ruling AK Party boards.
Even as Kilicdaroglu spoke, there was a lot of movement in the area in the Arena's field section.
Obviously, CHP voters wanted to enter the Party Assembly and sought support by explaining themselves to party leaders and journalists.
One CHP executive tried to explain that the situation is not a bad one, saying, "It would be better if the party figures, like Kore or party meetings in the Soviet Union, were sitting like dogs and not moving."
The CHP board differs slightly from those of the AKP or MHP.
In these parties, only the presidents speak.
In the CHP, the council becomes a platform for discussing party problems.
Due to the large number of party members who wanted to speak at the plenary session, Chamber President Murat Karayalcin had trouble adjusting the time.
There was a distance in the faces and in the languages from the statement " Housing is going badly" to the comment "You are changing the course with the painting that will come out of this hall."
Not all CHP members had a coherent and strong response to the question "What should be done?" even though they said "Let's do something".
The impact was that there would be no elections in the next four years.
When Kilicdaroglu came to the podium, we journalists expected him to answer the question "What should I do?"
First, he answered the question "what is going on?"
He drew attention to the issue of arrested journalists, to what had been done to academics for their reporting, to what was happening in the Southeast, to the impasse in foreign policy.
He has responded long and hard to "Anadolian legends" about the CHP, such as "it is a religious party", "it supports the violence", "it is the party of the elitists".
As for the "what to do" phase, instead of talking about concrete steps, he tried to introduce "strategy".
He stressed that overcoming all these challenges requires a stronger democracy and more justice.
He made a pledge on behalf of the CHP, saying "We will work until we bring democracy, regardless of the price."
"We will fight for democracy to die," he said.
One final note is that CHP has handled the issue of "organisation" as of the 53rd session of the board, and can now call for a smooth formation of the board.
Meanwhile, a card had been printed for the 900 journalists who were said to be following the course, but the journalists' presence in the hall was not that high.
Representatives of media outlets in Ankara were less eager to follow the board's work than did the CoE boards.
Autonomy sought for a lifetime
The indictment against seven defendants, of whom three were arrested, was filed by the Diyarbakir State Prosecutor's Office, and was accepted by the 4th Serious Criminal Court.
Following orders and calls from senior PKK/KCK terrorist leaders, the indictment said, statements were issued under the name "governance" in some districts and neighbourhoods of Diyarbakir, Istanbul, Sirnak, Mardin, Mus, Hakkari, Siirt, Bitlis, Batman, Van and Agri.
The indictment said the group's leaders and youth and women's organisations called for unlawful action. It recorded an increase in attacks on security forces, public institutions and enterprises, houses, workplaces and vehicles of citizens in the provinces of Sur, Bağlar, Silvan, Bismil, Lice, Dicle and Hazro in Diyarbakir.
Our police station hit by ISA protesters
Clashes between the Syrian towns of Düden, Kara Mezra Bıgıddın and Kara Köprülü Village, opposite Kilis's Yavuzlu Village, and the Fatah Army, formed by opposition groups, in recent days have intensified.
Gunshots and shots fired during clashes between the I think-tank and the opposition near the border are heard by Turkey as well.
Mounting debris from areas where frequent explosions occurred was visible to Turkey as the border line was heavily patrolled by security forces using armoured vehicles.
Meanwhile, assaults were fired at the Martyr Mehmet Border Station near Kilis' Yavuzlu Village, in the village of Bigıddin, controlled by Işık militia.
As part of the engagement rules, the soldiers then returned weapons of mass destruction and mortar to the area where the assault was launched.
Allegedly, Russian warplanes carried out an attack on the village of Hameyn, 17km from the Turkish border.
Six Syrians injured in the airstrike were brought to the Kilis State Hospital for treatment by their relatives.
Loto rich get their çeks
The Robinson couple, who lived in a small $150,000 house in Munford, Tennessee, opted for a single payment of $328m (about 1 billion TL) rather than a total of $528.8m (1.6 billion TL) over a period of 29 years.
"There is no guarantee of our tomorrow, anyway," the couple said.
John Robinson, who works for a department store chain, and his wife Lisa, who works as an assistant to a dermatologist, said that although they are now millionaires, they will be back at work the following day.
The couple's main goal with the money they earn is to pay off their home loan debt and help their relatives.
The large bonus was reportedly split into three components.
iOS9: how to get the new iPhone operating system, Apple update released
You can apply Preferences for the new operating system by clicking on "Genelate" and selecting "Updating the Installation".
Once ready, your phone will offer you the option of downloading and setting up.
Some users experienced a problem after the installation and received a bug message saying "Adapting update failed".
To overcome this problem, users should wait for less uploads to the system, or try to upgrade to and from iTunes.
The phone will guide you through the entire process.
To make room for this, it may be necessary to delete applications -- but Apple has trimmed the update to prevent this from happening, and has proposed some applications for deletion and is using a special tool for re-assignment when the process is over.
As the update continues, it is worth making sure your phone is charged or has a charger installed so that your batteries don't run out.
If the charge is too low, Apple will not allow the update, as the phone may be interrupted in half by interrupting the update.
Read more: iOS9, WatchOS delayed but still ranked. iOS9 review: the least exciting and the best update
At the same time, you should make sure you do everything you can before you start downloading; you should try and protect if something goes wrong. iOS 9 comes with a more sophisticated personal assistant and new generation features for iPad, as well as new features such as fine adjustments to speed up and correct the operating system.
FedEx revenues mixed, fiscal outlook down in 2016
FedEx reported disappointing results for the past three months, and the cargo giant reduced its profit forecast year-round due to reduced demand for cargo services and higher costs in ground handling.
The company also said it plans to hire about 55,000 seasonal workers for the holidays.
This time last year, FedEx announced it would hire 50,000 seasonal workers for the holidays.
It dropped about 2.5% in pre-opening transactions, 45 minutes before Wednesday's opening gong.
Gains are expected between $10.40 and $10.90 for the fiscal year ending next May -- 20 cents less than previously forecast, FedEx Corp. said.
Analysts expected $10.84, based on research by FactSet.
Despite an average increase of 4.9% on January 4th and the likely drop in land transportation of bulk or large parcels, despite higher frictions due to begin in November.
Cost cuts, higher revenues and growth of e-commerce are still expected to be higher than in the previous year, the company said.
The company "has performed solidly, especially in manufacturing and global trade, despite poorer than expected economic conditions", said Fred Smith, president and CEO.
The holiday employment plans were announced a day after competing company UPS, which said it plans to hire an extra 90,000 to 95,000 workers, up from last year.
In the three-month period ending August 31st, FedEx raised its revenue by 6% year-on-year, to $692m.
Gains per share stood at $2.42, $2.44 less than the forecasts of the 12 analysts discussed by Zacks Investment Research.
Revenues increased by 5% to $12.3 billion.
Six analysts interviewed by Zacks expected $12.23 billion.
FedEx was hit last year by a decline in international priority shipping, which led to a stagnation of revenues at the Express branch.
The boom in online shopping, however, boosted FedEx Earth Services results.
In the last quarter, ground utility revenues increased by 29%, but business revenues basically stagnated due to large packages and high costs of in-country insurance.
At a time when labour costs are high, revenues from the cargo industry are low, while the express unit has seen high revenues due to high base rates.
In pre-opening transactions, about an hour before the opening gong, FedEx shares fell 3.85 $, or 2.5%, to $150.15.
They closed Tuesday with an 11% drop for the year and a 17% drop below their June 11th record.
In their most anticipated meeting in decades, Federal Reserve policymakers spent two days around a table of 27 Juanitas this week, deciding that the time has not come to raise the interest rate once in almost a decade.
The two-story meeting room, located in a central bank wing, will be a mural of the United States.
It is a reminder that Fed Vice-President Janet L. Yellen and her colleagues put the nation's economic interests above everything else.
The central bank has two tasks from Congress: to maximize US employment and keep prices stable.
Since the Great Depression, however, Fed leaders acknowledged that there is a third unwritten imperative: fiscal balance.
And that third quagmire could be the X factor too soon in an unpredictable decision on whether the US economy -- due to be announced Thursday -- is ready to begin cutting off its uniquely cautionary support for a near-zero short-term interest rate since late 2008.
Although most data suggests the economy is growing robustly, the recent turbulence in global financial markets may already make careful Fed officials sceptical about adding vulnerability by raising the reference federal funds' interest rates -- even by less than a quarter of a percentage point.
"Clearly the labour market and inflation will be the first and the most important thing they monitor," said Lindsey M. Piegza, chief economist at the consulting firm Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
"But I think if they are looking for an excuse not to increase the rate, the growing uncertainty surrounding the global market will give them enough grounds to wait a little longer," he said.
There is no consensus on what the Fed will do, and this in itself causes financial markets to fluctuate.
Half of the economists recently interviewed by Bloomberg expected an interest rate hike this week.
Financial markets, however, expect the Fed to remain on hold, along with the main indicator, which suggests a rise of only about 30%.
This could indicate a decline in the stock market if the Fed raises the rate, and if policymakers do not mitigate the impact by promising that another increase may be in the works.
On Tuesday, the Dow Jones industrial index average rose by 228.89 points, or 1.4%, to 16.599.5.
"The increase was triggered by the expectation that the Fed policymakers will keep the rate stable this week," said John Lonski, chief economist at Moody's Capital Markets Research Group.
"It would be surprising if Fed now raises rates," he said.
If the Fed executives had made that decision, "it would have taken them a long time to calm the financial markets without panic."
Other experts have suggested that a rate hike could calm financial markets, due to the looming gray cloud over when the Fed should act.
Just a month ago, the Fed appeared to be on the path to increase the rate by 0.25% this month; that would be a small step towards a slowdown in monetary conditions, strengthening the US recovery.
Yellen said he expects an increase this year in the spring and early summer, despite the liberals' complaints about the need for a more economical process.
Although job creation slowed in August, growth in the labour market was steady this year.
The unemployment rate dropped to 5.1% last month, the lowest in seven years, and is close to the level the Fed has rated for full employment.
Salary increases have shown signs of recovery.
And although inflation remains below the central bank's 2% annual target, Fed policymakers say the temporary impact of sharply declining oil prices is a key reason.
Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said the economy "can cope with higher rates and needs it despite the contraction of the labour market".
However, financial markets around the world began to shake after China's currency devaluation late last month.
The Dow Jones industrial index average fell 16% below its May record, amid concerns that investors might fear a slowing Chinese economy could bring down global growth.
The market somehow jumped back when Dow was now almost 10% below its May high.
For Fed policymakers, market turbulence complicates further the calculation of when the interest rate should be raised.
"They may have been somewhat constrained at this meeting over the past few weeks by the lack of knowledge that the financial markets in the Chinese economy are the most volatile and the lack of reports of economic weakness," said Stephen D. Oliner, a senior research associate at the UCLA Ziman Center for Real Estate and a former Fed official.
He now predicts they will wait at least another month to better manage the effects.
"There is too much uncertainty about what the impact will be on the US economy, and they have almost no data to point to the future postponement of developments in China," Oliner said.
The health of the global economy is not a priority concern of the Fed, so technically it should not be a factor in the recovery processes.
In reality, however, the Fed has become the world's monetary authority.
The impact of the central bank in recent years has been enormous.
Up until then, the only clue from President Ben S. Bernanke was that in 2013, the Fed "could reduce" the monetary expansion triggered by the worldwide market shakes.
In a world of increasingly intertwined markets and economies, Fed officials can be expected not only to monitor developments elsewhere, but also to consult other central bank governors and experts to better read the global economy.
Zachary Karabell, global strategy chief at the asset management firm Envestnet Inc., said the decision-making process is "a skill more than a science".
"The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond," Governor Jeffrey Lacker noted this month, "has overreacted in the past to financial market movements that do not seem to be linked to economic fundamentals."
A member of the policy-making Federal Open Market Committee with voting rights, Lacker has been pushing for a rate hike, citing 1998-99 decisions as an example.
The financial crisis in Asia has led the Fed to cut its benchmark rate by 0.75 percentage points during the three meetings, "despite the limited, quantifiable recommendations for US growth," Lacker said.
A year later, Fed officials reversed the cuts.
"The Fed should only emphasise fiscal balance concerns during major crises, as it did at the 2008 market end," said Adam S. Posen, a former member of the Bank of England's rate-setting committee.
Recent turbulence does not approach this level, he said.
You really don't want to be afraid to go for a rate hike because markets are suffocating," said Peterson Institute for International Economics President Posen.
The National Bank Act still has two powers and does not mention fiscal equilibrium, and I don't think they should act in that direction until that changes.
Want a great Thai market?
Try LAX-C in the Chinese neighbourhood.
Yes, the Chinese neighbourhood
The store opened in 1997 and is owned by LAX-C Şti.
LAX-C, often referred to as Thai Costco, is a wholesale Thai market that sells to the general public.
Yes, this is a Chinese neighbourhood, not Taiwanese Mahalla.
The market/depot is a one-stop shop; it sells a large number of fresh, frozen and dried foods, popular Asian and Thai souvenirs, kitchen goods, furniture, religious and holiday decorations.
There is even the automotive part where you want to buy engine oil.
The store is huge and it can take an hour to navigate all its corridors.
If you're hungry during all this shopping, buy food from LAX-C BBQ Eksres.
The grocery store's indoor food section (good, affordable) is next to the drawers, and there are various exit options.
What's on the line: anything from Thailand?
It's probably in LAX-C.
The products are priced in reasonable terms, and some are sold in bulk.
Fresh products include special Asian and regional Thai spices, fruits and more.
The meat raft is spacious, and so is the fish -- the guys behind the counter clean the fish and make fisto, and even make you want to eat.
The store has a lot of freezers in most areas; you can find frozen green leaf, hot cabbage and oranges, all kinds of ducks, fish, beef, fish balls, regional sausages, commercial food and more.
Shoppers: restaurant owners and chefs, families and individuals.
There are both shopping carts and raillifts in the extensive corridors.
It was found: fresh monthong durian exit stand just next door.
Where: between the Chinese Mahalla Market and City Centre in the industrial part of Los Angeles, a few blocks from Philippe The Original.
Parking: LAX-C has its own parking lot, which it shares with other stores and restaurants.
Although the stores are overcrowded, finding parking is not always difficult.
Brazil's Rio Grande Pediatric Meeting encourages healthy eating during pregnancy
The Brazilian paediatric organisation SPRS has taken a shocking approach by including images of a breast-feeding baby, depicted with depictions of unhealthy fetus, in a bid to try and educate women about the importance of healthy nutrition.
Human milk consists of many kinds of proteins, oils, vitamins and carbohydrates, which provide babies with all the nutrients needed to develop a healthy immune system.
Pregnant women and new mothers are advised to increase their daily intake of heat to around 500 degrees Celsius, due to their over-eating needs.
However, new research shows that the food supplement mothers should receive is not only limited to intake of heat.
Healthy nutrition of pregnant women has affected the genetic expression of babies, protecting them against tumour development, according to a new study conducted by Texas Baylor Medical College Professor Robert Waterland.
Unfortunately, it is mistaken that unhealthy nutrition adversely affects the child's immune system.
Seven's Sunrise continues to dominate ratings despite Nine's attempts to take the lead on Today Show
Karl Stefanovic and Lisa Wilkinson's moves towards Canberra to bring down the Liberal leadership failed to boost ratings for Today.
Nine's breakfast show was staged in the national capital after Tony Abbott's fall by Malcolm Turnbull.
Rival Sunrise, hosted in London by David Koch and Samantha Armytage, has been drawn to international weekly series, including Dubai, New York, The Niagara Falls and Cancun.
The distance issue does not make much difference to Australian viewers, as Sunrise has an average of 397,000 viewers in five capitals, compared to Today's 339,000.
Compared to last Tuesday (283.000), today's Monday (317,000) saw a slight rise in ratings, though the figure was still lower than last Thursday (343,000).
Today has been locking up with Sunrise in recent months.
In August, the Today average was 318,000, compared to Sunrise's 330,000.
At the beginning of the year, the difference was between 40,000 and 50,000.
The Sunrise average is 349,000, compared to Today's 314,000 so far in September.
This is the most intimate thing that happens every morning.
The winds of change are more influential this morning than in the parliament!
Karl and Lisa are good, thanks for asking!
By TODAY on September 14th, 2015.
The big news for Seven was the catchy introduction to the 800 Words by former Packed to the Rafters star Erik Thomson.
The new drama about a newly divorced father, who decides to move with his two children to the coast of New Zealand, reached an impressive average of 1,219 million.
Critics have questioned whether Thomson could conduct a solo show without Rafters' star Rebecca Gibney.
Yesterday night's result was a crippled "yes".
Seven's X Factor retained its strength with 1,136 million viewers, easily defeating the Block (838,000) and the TBL Families (726,000).
Seven has mixed up two Takip-like nightmares with Australia.
The first half-hour (17:00-17:30) of the new information contest, hosted by Andrew O'Keefe, reached an average of 446,000 viewers.
In the second half-hour (17:30-18:00), the figure jumped to 623,000 spectators -- enough for a minor victory over the Hot Line (613,000) of Eddie McGuere.
On Monday Night, the first half-hour of Takip-Australia reached an average of 520,000 spectators, while in the second half-hour the figure rose to 720,000.
The Heat Seat averaged 620,000.
The team thought that Australia's ratings drop on the second night would give Nine the heat at 5.30pm.
The substitute Australia was a replacement for Mc Guire's Million dollar Minute, which didn't have a tooth.
Originally, Today was published as Sunrise prevails as long as it remains local.
The last three think that Bekar Sam Wood is a perfect man -- but who will he choose?
Has the secret been revealed?...
Lana Jeavons-Fellows, Sarah Mackay and Snezana Markoski may have unwittingly revealed who will win the match.
The woman Sam Wood's Bekar programme eventually chose remained a big secret.
And the three remaining girls are doing what they can to avoid being told who the last one is.
However, if we checked Lana Jeavons-Fellows, Sarah Mackay and Snezana Markoski the day before the three fell apart, they might have given a hint without being aware of who the winner would be.
Sam Wood shuts down before Thursday's final
All three women explained in lyrical terms why Wood was excellent; highlighting his ability to make jokes, his ambition, family values and his positive stance, they explained why they wanted to be his partners.
But answers to the question "who should get Wood's last smile if you're not?" may contain information about who will win The Bachelor's heart.
Both Jeavons-Fellows and Markoski quickly nominated Mackay as the best candidate for Wood, except for themselves.
Sarah Mackay and Sam Wood have been close friends since day one.
Jeavons-Fellows: "From the moment I arrived in the house, I felt (Sarah's) energy and Sam's energy matched by reading, and I thought so throughout the programme."
"Sarah is very practical, it's very fun to be around him," Markoski added.
I saw them together and there is a chemistry between them.
They feel very good and comfortable when they are side by side.
Sarah Mackay thinks herself and Sam Wood will be a very good match.
Mackay said last week's home visit schedules made him think he was the "right person" for Wood.
"When I saw it with my friends and family I realised it was definitely not just a game -- I am completely attached to it now," she said.
When asked who Wood would choose if he did not, he was mysterious.
"I don't know if I can say that."
"I love other girls equally -- Snezana and Lana are equal."
The Bachelor airs on Channel Ten at 7:30pm on Wednesday.
First release: Is Sarah the best choice for Sam Wood?
Jarryd Hayne has had a variety of options in terms of where to start his career in the NFL.
Detroit and Seattle showed a lot of interest after he moved to the United States, and many other teams approached him after last year's impressive day of open training.
However, Hayne chose the San Francisco 49ers and their coach, Jim Tomsula, and that seems like a very wisdom decision.
Some coaches put Hayne on the bench because of his poor showing in the Australian rugby league, as he did in a 20-3 win against Minnesota on Tuesday.
But Tomsula believed in him and gave Hayne another chance to take part in a play after Reggie Bush's injury.
After the play, Tomsula continued to show the real event in the dressing room.
Instead of humiliating them in front of the entire team, he encouraged them.
Tomsula also publicly supported Hayne at the post-match press conference.
The 49ers team's reporter, Cam Inman, said Hayne was encouraged by special team co-ordinator Thomas McGaughey as well, and was advised to forget about the fall and think about the next game.
Jarryd Hayne scores for Minnesoa Vikings in first quarter, drops goal
This was not what Hayne and his large Australian audience had imagined for their first game in the NFL.
Hayne was seen curling up after dropping the ball as he was exiting the pitch, and later told Australian radio duo Hamish and Andy that he could not have thought of a worse start for his NFL career at 2DayFM 104.1.
"That was just one of those things, let him regret for the next game, and that's it," he said.
Hayne also reminded Queensland of its first game at 2007 Origin, with a rebound.
Nevertheless, it was a great experience for the 27-year-old player.
Hayne posted a posture of her holding an Australian flag with her fans after the game on her Instagram page.
Elton John, Russian President Vladimir Putin to meet to discuss gay rights
In 2003, Russia's wealthiest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, was gunned down at a Siberian parade.
Opposing President Vladimir Putin openly, Khodorkovsky was imprisoned, the oil company Yukos was seized and pro-democracy efforts cut short.
Four Killed as Police Sniff Plastic Guns at Protesters in Nepal
Four people, including a 4-year-old boy, were killed as police opened rubber bullets at a demonstration against a proposed new constitution in the country, an official reported on Wednesday.
The incident occurred Tuesday evening in the city of Rupandehi, 175 miles west of the capital, Kathmandu.
The county's chief official, Bishnu Prasad Dhakal, said more than 1,000 phase protesters gathered outside a police station, and some threw stones and fire bombs.
Before using the plastic bullets, police used pepper spray and opened fire on the air, Mr. Dhakal said.
Twenty policemen and five civilians were injured, he said.
It is not clear why the plastic bullets, which are known to kill, but are usually a lesser lethal alternative, result in such a high lethal rate.
The clash is the latest in weeks of violent protests throughout southern Nepal, where members of the ethnic group Madhesi say areas created by the proposed new constitution will undermine their political influence.
The ethnic Tharus group, which wants to establish its own state, is also protesting in western Nepal.
At least 40 people, including 11 police officers, have been killed in the violent clashes that have continued since 10 August.
At that time, the four major political parties agreed to divide the country into regions -- an important, but uncomfortable, step towards drafting a new constitution for centuries-old centralised Nepal.
Work on a new constitution has been under way since 2008, but lawmakers have stepped up the pace following the devastating earthquake in April that killed thousands.
Legislators worked on draft constitutional provisions in Kathmandu this week, and officials said the new text would be organised until Sunday.
NHC says 60 per cent chance of tornadoes south of Cape Verde Islands
A widespread low pressure system about 350 miles (560 km) south of the southern end of the Cape Verde Islands is likely to turn into a tropical cascade within the next 48 hours, the US National Crane Centre said on Tuesday.
Another well-defined low-pressure system was observed between the Cape Verde Islands and the Lesser Antilles, and the Miami-based weather forecaster said there was a 60% chance of a tropical cyclone over the next two days.
Google launches donor matching campaign to raise $11m for refugees
Google Inc (GOOGL.O) announced a grant-granting campaign that aims to raise $11m for humanitarian organisations that are helping thousands of refugees from war-torn and impoverished countries flee to Europe.
In an unexpected personal approach, Google announced the donation initiative on its blog.
Instead of a manager making the statement, Rita Masoud, a Google worker who fled Kabul with her family at the age of seven, cited her personal experience.
"We had a lot of dark bus and train rides, as well as hunger, lack of water, cold and fear," he wrote.
I was lucky.
However, many families, like my own, need help as the refugee and migrant crisis in Europe grows.
The donations will go to four non-profit organisations providing assistance to refugees and migrants: Doctors Without Borders, the International Rescue Committee, Children's Rescue and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Google said it will match the first $5.5m donation to the Google.com/refugeerelief address until it raises $11m.
Europe is facing its worst refugee crisis since World War II, caused by the four-year civil war in Syria, which has left more than 4 million people displaced this year.
Victims of many wars flee Afghanistan, Yemen, Iraq and Libya.
Reporting Yasmeen Abutaleb; Regulating Christian Plumb
Weight loss surgery may help moderately obese diabetes patients
It may take at least five years for the benefit of obesity surgery to be seen in moderate-sized patients with Type 2 diabetes, according to a new study.
However, it is still too early to say whether moderately obese diabetes patients live longer than those who have not undergone surgery after surgery for obesity.
According to Dr Robin Blackstone, an expert on obesity surgery, "it takes a long time before mortality rates become self-evident," he wrote in a new study on JAMA surgery.
Weight loss surgery, or bariatric surgery, uses various methods to reduce the size of the umbilical cord.
They reduce hunger and restrict the body's ability to digest food.
Over the years, bariatric surgery has proved effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, but most of the research was done on patients with body mass index (BMI) obesity of 35 or above.
The BMI, which is measured in kilo-to-kilo ratio, is considered normal at 18.5 to 24.9.
A person with a BMI of 25 or above is overweight, and those with a BMI of 30 or above are fat-recognisers.
You can calculate the BMI from the following link: 1.usa.gov/1D0ZqDv.
In the new research, Taiwan's full-fledged Min-Sheng Hospital used data from a comparison of two types of bariatric surgery -- bariatric hip surgery and hip surgery -- performed in the treatment of type 2 diabetic moderate obese patients since 2007.
Beginning in the last five years of the research, the average BMI of those undergoing surgery has dropped from 31 to 24.5.
By contrast, the BMI of those undergoing surgical-extra-diabetes therapy remained stable at around 29.
The diarrhea was partially resolved in 36% of those undergoing surgery and in 28% completely.
In the group that received medical treatment, by contrast, diarrhea was fully and partially resolved in only 1% and in only 2%.
In addition, blood pressure control, triglycerides and "bad" LDL cholesterol were generally better in "the group with surgical intervention," the authors said.
The researchers also monitored blood levels of A1c hemoglobin, which reflects the blood sugar ratio over time in patients.
It is best to keep A1c hemoglobin below 7%, the researchers wrote.
After the surgery, the A1c hemoglobin decreased from an average of 9 per cent to about 6 per cent.
In the group receiving medical treatment, it remained stable at about 8 per cent.
However, with recovered A1c hemoglobin levels, this better "glycemic control" did not reduce the mortality rate during these five years, according to Dr. Chih-Cheng Hsu and his team of researchers.
The research team compared the findings to those of the two types of surgery.
In the fifth round, compared to the group undergoing hip surgery, the group gained more weight (18.7 to 14.2 kg), had higher reductions in BMI (7.4 to 5.1) and also in A1c hemoglobin (3.1 to 2.1%), and were more likely to have their entire diet reduced (46.9 to 16.7).
Although the research shows no clear benefit for post-operative survival at the end of the fifth year, Dr. Blackstone of the Arizona Medical College-Phoenix said there is valid evidence that surgery prolongs life, according to a study of weight-bearing patients in Sweden.
The Swedish study found that patients with obesity who underwent bariatric surgery were 29 per cent less likely to die within 15 years compared to another group receiving more traditional treatment.
Although the new study has yet to show what the benefits are for surviving patients with surgery, according to Blackstone, it is reassuring for those whose BMI is below 35.
That's the most heartening part of the article, because in a group with low BMI, this surgery is safe, there has been no increase in the risk of death or kidney problems," he said.
People and doctors should start taking the weight-bearing issue seriously when the patient's BMI falls below 27 to 30, he added.
I think we waited long enough for people to take this issue seriously," he said.
I think it is really difficult to reverse this after we have incorporated these genetic changes that make our bodies associated with obesity and diabetes.
"It is impossible for everyone to come to Europe" - The Dalai Lama - RT News
Europe cannot host all refugees, the Dalai Lama said, adding that the real solution to the current refugee crisis lies in the Middle East.
He called for an end to the violence against refugees in his country.
At the start of his 10-day visit to Britain, the Dalai Lama addressed the ongoing refugee crisis at the opening of the upcoming Oxford Opening Centre for the Study of Ethics.
Under the current circumstances, he claimed, the interests of humanity should take precedence over those of countries or continents.
At the same time, he stressed that, while highly commended, Western European countries' responses to the refugee crisis are inadequate for the situation.
"It is impossible for everyone to come to Europe," he said.
While acknowledging Germany and Austria's efforts to deal with the crisis, the Dalai Lama said they were only a temporary solution.
"It is great to deal with a few thousand refugees, but you also have to think about long-term solutions; you should think about how you can bring permanent peace and permanent development to these Muslim countries, basically through education," he stressed.
We should think about how to reduce deaths in our country.
We must reduce the use of force.
The use of force has never been a solution to the problems," he added.
Addressing the issue of violence, the Dalai Lama also touched on what George Bush had done in the wake of the 11 September attacks, and said US violent responses had launched an uncontrolled chain of events.
In a letter to President Bush after September 11th, I expressed my best wishes and said that non-violent methods are the way to solve this problem.
I know that his forces were well-meaning, but he used force and caused unexpected consequences," he said.
Hand- antiseptic intake in children up 4 times in the last 4 years
Centres for poisoning control in the United States have reported an increase of up to 400 per cent in high-alcohol-containing second-hand smoke in children under 12 years of age since 2010.
According to Georgia Toxicology Centre director Dr. Gaylord Lopez, cases of hand- antiseptic inhalation in children under 12 years of age have increased from 3,266 cases in 2010 to 16,117 cases in 2014.
"Children have become more inclined towards these types of products, and unfortunately there are those among them that have percentages to be taken away," Lopez told CNN.
Some children said they knowingly drank the hand- antiseptics, while others did so to impress their friends or in a social media scam.
Video clips on YouTube show teenagers injecting with antiseptic for the sake of cheap prostitution.
Some boys reportedly mixed the antiseptic mixture with alcohol-containing oral water to achieve a harder drink.
Small children can be attracted to the smell of the antiseptic.
"Children do not think it is a bad thing," Lopez said.
Most of the more attractive ones (their antiseptics) are schoolchildren.
There are hand- antiseptics with the scent of strawberries, grapes and oranges, which are very tempting for children.
No matter where hand antiseptics come from, they contain between 45 per cent and 95 per cent alcohol.
Only a few beers, especially in younger children, can cause alcohol poisoning.
According to Dr. Stephen Thornton, the head of the University of Kansas Hospital poisoning centre, "high concentrations are concentrated alcohol," he told Fox 4 television in the city of Kansas.
You don't leave a couple of whiskey bars in the middle, but people keep these hand- antiseptics in the middle of the nation, which is an easy way to get quite a lot of alcohol for kids.
Recently, six-year-old Nhaijah Russell, who was using hand- antiseptic with only four ounces of nail bark at school, was rushed to seek treatment.
His blood alcohol level was 0.179, twice the legal blood alcohol limit for an adult, according to Dr Chris Ritchey, an emergency physician at the Gwinnett Medical Centre outside Atlanta.
He could not spell the words Nhaijah and could not walk when he arrived in the emergency room.
According to Rithey, the doctors kept her under an umbrella at a separate children's hospital overnight, despite any signs of brain trauma, as alcohol caused her to fall and hit her head.
Anne Ortoria Scott told CNN it was "very frightening".
It could have been fatal for my child.
She advised parents and teachers to use non-alcoholic products or shorten the suspension of antiseptic beads and remove them where children cannot reach.
Other than alcohol poisoning, some antiseptics were found to have been linked to fatalities.
In 2013, two women from the province of Ontario died of consuming handheld antiseptic, which contained an unnamed poisonous substance.
Health officials suggested that the substance might be methyl alcohol, which is not meat alcohol as listed on the list, but could have a lethal effect.
In January, three fourth-graders from northern New York conspired to plant "antibacterial products around the window" to poison "poor-hearted" teachers, according to police reports.
The teacher has banned it in the classroom because she is highly allergic to hand- antiseptic.
The plan was brought before the police, who described it as "an attempt at madness" and recommended disciplinary measures against the school's management.
And you come to Samandıra
Robin van Persie, who watched Fenerbahce play Lokomotif Kuban in the THY European League, met with Udoh, Vesely and Melih at the end of the match.
"I'm here to watch you," Van Persie said, having a warm chat with his fan, Udoh.
You and your friends will follow my training.
"I'm waiting for the voice of Samandira," she said.
Kahpe felek innocent
How happy I am today.
My advice is that there should be no deaths.
But it is not possible!
This world is evil.
Felekse Kahpe.
There is also death on the horizon.
And it's sad.
The space invasion.
It's also a blizzard.
A space wing that occasionally hits.
Maybe a meteor.
What I hope is that the deaths will not happen.
Let's just give up our signature.
Let's see how we react.
What awful, what awful!
Let our humanism grow.
Felete, too, should be ashamed.
But he's not ashamed!
They killed Miraj Ince in the Serb community of Sur Mahallesi two weeks ago.
It was only 3 months ago.
His deceased was with him.
They killed him too.
What a shame! On January 3rd, they killed Yusuf Jagici in Silopi.
I think he was escaping the aliens.
They scanned him while searching for a safe spot.
He also had a wife.
A day later, in Diyarbakir, they killed Melek Alpaydin at the breakfast table in the street of Little Aktar.
A day or two later, the space aliens burned the Sema Gungiluoglu Elementary School.
Two days earlier, the same astronauts attacked another school full of students with firearms.
The students have been running away since.
On January 10th, three bodies of men were laid to rest at the Hazreti Huseyin Mosque in Holy Harun Boy Mahallesi, where the attacks by a cauldron killed them.
Two days ago, three children died in the province of Canar, in Diyarbakir.
One unidentifiable object, with a tonne of explosives, was close to their life.
Others died and were injured.
Who is guilty?
Felek, of course.
Kahpe is a fella.
No, he is not a paraplegic.
Kahpe felek is innocent!
He is outside, waving his hand and arm, looking at us and shivering.
Others seek to shift the focus away.
With the gun in front of our eyes, instead of pointing out the killer, it creates opportunities for him to run away.
Katile sips.
He hides it.
After he disappeared, he tells the audience that he had no real guilt.
The sides of the fight over the past 10 years are clear.
Someone wants the circle of fire around us to darken and want us blind.
Someone else is trying to prevent it, more than that, to extinguish the fire around us.
It's a matter of tearing down someone and plundering them.
He is after producing something, after doing something.
We have people in our region who are ready for any kind of war.
The civil war.
The interstate war.
The war of the Mezhepler.
Fighting for power.
Then they have subcontractors.
Polluted terrorist organisations.
Hand-wracked robbers.
Different names, different formats.
Turkey has no other choice but to fight each of them.
He fights, and for that reason he has to answer to the honour of all.
Keep fighting until you're sure of your hearts...
No offense, they take to the white
Members of the PKK, a terrorist organisation, huddled in the middle of the neighbourhood, find the road mixed up with white flags and residents running away.
Security forces, meanwhile, are applying the Gbt to prevent leaks.
The operations for peace and democracy, which began on July 23rd, are also breaking up the grassroots power of the organisation, which has suffered a major blow in the countryside and across the border, as it has become unable to act.
According to sources in the area, the weapons and ammunition depot of the group, which suffered a major blow in Silopi, was seized and destroyed.
Some evade the attacks of the terrorist group PKK, flying white flags and moving away from conflict spots controlled by police and military.
Tightened on the streets and unable to find a way out, the terrorists were mixed among the citizens, flying the white flag.
Security units are conducting General Information Gathering (GBT) investigations into individuals they find suspected of.
In Silopi, a PKK terrorist was reportedly interfering with the people in the white flag, but tried to flee when he became aware that he would be captured during a GOT interrogation, and was deemed ineffective.
COMandoRS Climbing
Among the region's carefully monitored towns, Cizre was hit hard by troops and police.
The Yafes Mahallesi, where the militants are holed up, has been largely cleared.
Joint teams of police and gendarmerie special operations units have completed their tasks, leaving their place to commandos.
Commandos stationed at Yafes Mahallesi are also taking measures to prevent terrorist infiltration.
In other towns, the commandos will be responsible for securing areas cleared by the joint teams.
Police and soldiers get 1 tonne of baklava
The Municipality of Kilis sent 1 tonne of baklava to special operations policemen and soldiers serving in difficult conditions in Cizre, Sur and Silopi.
Saying they condemn terrorism, Mayor Hasan Kara said, "May the Lord give strength and strength to our security forces, who are protecting their homeland and their nation by deploying in difficult conditions."
"We wish our martyrs eternal peace from God, and our gazelles immediate forgiveness," he said.
Canary residents describe horror night
The public in Canar reacted strongly.
Most of the houses around the premises where the blast occurred were uninhabitable.
"My son was injured, but we couldn't leave the house because there were gunshots.
An hour later, we were able to take my son to the hospital."
"My wife was injured while weeping in the room.
He was driven to the gate."
It was bloody.
"I am cursed by what has happened," he said.
Skiing kills 14
The bus carrying skiers from one of Japan's ski areas, Karuizawa, lost control and was derailed.
Fourteen people died and 27 were reportedly injured.
The bus crashed from an altitude of about 3m, hitting the parade, officials said.
There was no ice on the way, and an investigation into the accident has been launched.
They dismantled and sold 50km of concrete roads!
Aleksander Protopopov, the director of a prison in the Russian Koni region, was arrested on charges of selling 50km of concrete paved roads.
Between 2010 and 2015, it was reported that Protopopov earned $80,000 ($243,000) from removing and selling part of the concrete paved with a motorway using his position.
7,750 euros for 15 million lira
Viola Colombo, a woman from Venice, Italy, won the right to convert the online auction website to 15m lira, which she found in an old lottery she bought from e-Bay.
The Central Bank rejected Colombo's bid to change the old Italian lira into the euro, buying it for a few euros in 2014.
Colombo, which the court found to be right, will receive 7,750 euros (about 26,000 TL).
Non-women's island seeks UNESCO recognition
Japan has applied to enter the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage list of Okinoshima Island in 2017, where only men are allowed to stand because of the temples on the island.
However, the island's clergy oppose the decision, fearing a 'tourist future'.
Saudi Arabia sticks to TUBITAK
Science, Industry and Technology Minister Fikri Isik said a new agreement has been reached for the second-party sale of the Ballistics Vision Analysis and Identification System (BAL SleepiCa) developed by the Scientific and Technical Research Organisation of Turkey (TUBITAK) to Saudi Arabia. "The agreement covering the development and installation of the Level 8 system will increase the number of BAL SleepiCa in Saudi Arabia from 6 to 14," he said.
Isik made a statement about BAL MississippiK, developed by the TUBITAK Institute for Research in Space Technologies.
The system allows ballistic scans of weapons, ammunition and shields seized in the incidents to be compared to the data found in the central database, Isik said, thus eliminating problems that ballistic experts encountered while searching the shields and ammunition.
Isik explained that data and accompanying information from different geographical locations can be stored and interrogated simultaneously thanks to the SOURCE.
One of the most important features of HELPICTICA is its ability to obtain and display three-dimensional data with more details and fewer errors, Isik said, stressing that the system's innovations allow decisions by ballistic missiles to be made quickly and its success greatly enhanced.
SUBA-1 Project marks export of Whaleships
He noted that S lypsis had met all the criteria for measures of success and received a full mark from the Police General Directorate. The system, set up in ten different regions, especially in Ankara, covers all of Turkey, he said.
The success of the system has resulted in its deployment abroad, Isik said, recalling that SUBA-1 was exported as part of the "SUBA-1 Project" with Saudi Arabia and successfully installed in 6 regions in 2013.
Isik said that a new agreement has been signed for the second-party sale of SUBA-1 to Saudi Arabia, followed by SUBA-2, adding that the agreement covers the development and installation of an additional 8 systems, and that the number of SUBA-1s to be deployed in Saudi Arabia will increase from 6 to 14.
Bus-sized lynx fossil discovered
The prehistoric sea basin reportedly is 10m long and weighs 3 tonnes.
The length of her skull alone was measured at 1.6m.
The researchers named the species "Machimosaurus Rex" and published their findings in the Cretaceous Research journal.
The fossil, which turned out to be 130 million years old, was "almost the size of a bus", said Federico Fanti of the University of Bologna, the author of the article.
Fanti told the Washington Post that the huge saltwater reservoir was "at the top of the chain of supply at least in one particular area at that time".
Paleontologists said M. Rex, thought to be the greatest living tiger in the sea, was hunted in the marshlands by beekeepers.
The largest freshwater deposit in history is thought to have been the "Sarcosuchus emperor", who lived in Africa and South America 110 million years ago and was as tall as 12m and weighed as 8 tonnes.
They are all confused!
Writer Ece Temelkuran's first book, 'The Book of All Women is Mixed', was adapted into the theatre under the same name by the Aysa Production Theatre.
The play is directed by Selen Ucer, starring Deniz Cakir, Zeyneep Kankonde, Ipek Turktan Kaynak, Kadir Cermik and Sebnem Sonmez.
Ucer, whose plays 'Poz' and 'Kuru Sıkı' are still in progress, experienced for the first time writing and directing texts, and the play questions the confusion in women's minds.
The play was presented at the Trump Show Centre last week.
The play starts with a radio theatre.
It's a voice that takes us back in time...
The curtain then opens.
A woman stands at the edge of the table, about to jump down.
It is understood by the intervention of neighbours who identified him and the motive for his suicide.
There are no immediate deadlines
'Ebru Uysal', starring Deniz Cakir, is a popular writer.
She was abandoned by her husband, but that is not the only reason.
He has something that he has accumulated since childhood.
He brought her to this point because he thought she could not understand her love, her isolation in her student life, her lonely childhood, her false relationships.
He decided to commit suicide, leaving a letter behind, but couldn't get out of the window.
Because 'Aysel' (Zeynep Kankonde), the wise and pure cleaner of the side apartment, and 'Perran' (Sebnem Sonmez), the mysterious woman who sits in the opposite apartment, are his words.
They are approaching it as if it were a normal, regular process.
The woman is even more tense, concentrated and unable to jump.
The conversation between the three quickly escalated when the well-known singer 'Meltem Kaya' (source from Silk Turk), who had cleaned his house, joined in.
Approaching its own naive and straightforward style, 'Meltem' can't help but sing as the crowd at the bottom looks like.
This interesting suicide attempt takes on a different dimension when the real estate agent 'Murat' (Kadir Cermik) enters the girl's house with the spare key.
The fact that singer 'Meltem' gave false information to the media leads things astray.
The play also features Nazan Oruzal's 'Girl in the Rock'.
I WILL CRY
For the first time, Ucker managed to maintain the tempo and flow of the play.
Zeynep Kankonde and Ipek Turktan Kaynak are the comedians.
Their characters are caricaturists; they succeed in making audiences laugh with their imitations and replications.
Sebnem Sonmez puts his years of experience on the stage very well, while Deniz Cakir is convincingly presenting the depressed mood of 'Ebru Uysal'.
These four women are successfully accompanied by Kadir Cermik, who spelled out Tolga Celik's award-winning film, 'Sarmasik'.
The only peripheral play described as bunlim's comedy is laughing without any confusion.
I often remember those beautiful words coming out of the mouths of 'Perran', played by Sebenem Sonmez: They are readers; they are lovers of life, see.
All the children thought they would die for one time to punish their parents, and I think they always cried.
The woman was hanging like an unidentified woman.
The woman always wants a funny story in which she forgets her most important place.
In fact, every story starts with a kind of abandonment.
Sometimes I have to put my hands in my pockets; I cannot resist things without pockets.
He wonders where to put his hands.
The brighter our hands, the more numerous we are.
People who talk about what they don't understand, they make up, they make up too.
A misunderstanding would be a fact.
All women are confused because they are confused.
There is a chance to survive because he did not plan to die.
'Extend coffee for a long time'
Safely consumed at any age
"It's more nutritious than yogurt because it contains protein, essential minerals and B vitamin," said Specialist Dietisyen Pınar Kural Enc, explaining that milk is the main nutrient without any obvious health benefits, but a more beneficial miracle nutrient than milk is one that cannabis can consume with certainty at any age.
It is also rich in B1, B12 and K vitamins.
Thanks to its calcium and magnesium content, it forms the basis of a healthy nervous system.
It is also a good source of phosphorus.
At the same time, the kefir -- which keeps the current -- does not lose weight.
"The value of the blood is quite high and it will be easy to absorb," he said.
Her derde deva
"Kefir is a traditional drink in the Caucasus," said Specialist Dietilist Panar Kural Enc, explaining that children, the elderly, pregnant women and women entering the menopaedia can consume it without any hesitation.
But now she has started to announce her name to the world.
The secret of youth, the promise of a long and healthy life, is almost universal.
One of the most natural ways to keep babies away from metabolic diseases is through consumption.
A friend of the Bağırsaks
This unique drink, which does not stop by counting beans, is a friend of the thumbs.
There are 1.5-2kg of bacteria and mantar in our herbs.
The micro-organisms in the nervous system are divided into two groups: beneficial and harmful.
Factorial microorganisms are called 'probiotic microorganisms'.
The activity of probiotics has an effect as important as our liver, and when consumed enough, it prevents damaging micro-organisms in the intestines from sticking to the wall of the intestines and spreading.
The imbalance of healthy microorganisms in the bloodstream causes many diseases.
The health of the umbilical cord should be protected through proper nutrition.
That is why we should consume enough probiotics.
Removing obstacles
Kefir is a nutrient that contains the most effective probiotic bacteria, and its beneficial bacteria have a huge effect on the strengthening of the immune system.
It ensures the healthy growth and usefulness of useful bacterial and fungal herbs in the intestines.
Regular consumption of fenugreek stimulates the intestines, eliminates intestinal defects, reduces swollenness and promotes a healthier diet.
A healthy intestinal system means a healthy and unhealthy body.
"It is also good for conditions such as unemployment, instability, upper respiratory infections and allergies, and helps the baby to get better quality vitamins and minerals from its nutrients, so it also plays an important role in baby nutrition," she said.
Besiktas wants to stay where it is
Besiktas will face Mersin Trainsiyurdu tomorrow in the 18th week of the Sport Toto Super League.
referee Mete Kalkavan will be in charge of the match, which starts at 8pm at Fatih Terim Stadium in the metropolitan area.
The black-and-white team, which won the last 4 interim Super League matches, aims to defeat the Mersin Sportyurdu in front of its fans, bringing the winning streak to 5 matches, while maintaining its lead.
Besiktas finished the first half of the season with 13 wins, 2 draws and 2 defeats, and scored 41 points, one point ahead of its closest ranked supporter, Fenerbahce.
Sun in the field with 11 ideals
Besiktas coach Shenol Gunes is expected to bring his perfect 11 against Mersin traineeship to the field.
The veteran coach, who twice faced PTT 1st Lig teams in the Ziraat Turkey Cup between 1461 and Trabzon, and served in different rosters during those matches, will return to the ideal 11 in the Mersin training ground match.
Ismail Koybasi, who suffered a slight injury in the final match against the Black Sea representative, is expected to play in the first 11, while it has been revealed that the Sun is planning to give a striker to Olcay Sahan in the middle.
Possible 11
Besiktas probably has 11 players:
Tolga Zengin, Beck, Rhodolfo, Ersan Adem Gulum, Ismail Köybaşı, Hutchinson, Quaresma, Oguzhan, Sosa, Olcay Şahan, Gomez.
Three players on the payroll
In Besiktas, three players with yellow cards are on the payroll before the game at Mersin Kızılyurdu.
Mario Gomez, Luiz Rhodolfo and Andreas Beck, who each have three yellow cards in the Super League, will not be able to play in the 19th week's away match against Mersin Train Station if they get a yellow card.
Besiktas' sweetheart, Gomez
Besiktas will have its sights set on German football player Mario Gomez during his upcoming match against Mersin Sportyurdu.
The 31-year-old, who played in the black-and-white shirt during the last 4 league matches and aired the opponent's nets, was the top scorer in the competition for the king's goal.
Gomez, who played in all matches in the first half and scored 10 of them, has 13 goals in the league.
Meanwhile, another Besiktas goalie, Cenk Tosun, scored his first career "hat-trick" in the first half of a three-goal away from Mersin training ground.
Wins 12 out of 15 matches
Besiktas won 12 of its 15 matches in the Super League.
In the first two weeks, the black-and-white team had wins and losses, but in 12 of the next 15 matches it was eliminated, while in other competitions it had two draws and one defeat.
Besiktas scored 19 points in 9 domestic matches, with 6 wins, one draw and 2 defeats.
"Atan" vs. "win"
The Besiktas vs. Mersin First Division match will pit the Super League's top scorers and top-scorer teams against each other.
With 41 goals in the first half of the season, the black-and-whites are the league's top scoring team.
Mersin Appathurai, which scored 36 goals in its 17-week period, shares the final ranking with Eskisehirspor, one of the league's top two scorers.
The seven-goal match between the two teams in the first week of the season saw Besiktas defeat their away opponent 5-2.
Mersin trainee crisis
Mersin Appathurai, which did not finish the first half of the Super League where it wanted to, suffered a coach's crisis during the transfer.
After completing the first half under Bulent Korkmaz's leadership, Mersin train station left with the 48-year-old technician the day the inter-operability camp began.
Hakan Kutlu, who replaced Korkmaz at the helm of the red-and-white team, was at the helm of the team he previously coached for just one day.
At Mersin training ground, where an extraordinary general council was held and Huseyin Caliskan was elected club president, a deal was reached with post-congress coach Nurullah Saglam, but the 50-year-old coach remained at the helm for only 2 days.
Mersin trains for coaches without coaches, as it has yet to agree on a new name after Nurullah Saglam.
Letters from tiny students that make you emotional
Letters from children in the west have been poured out to police and soldiers conducting terror operations in the region, mainly in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir.
In particular, Aksaray 75.
Students from Istanbul's West Ataşehir Nature Science High School and the Eskisehir Atacag Middle School, the Year Republican Primary School, have started working as co-ordinators.
As a result, pupils in the schools printed choreography of the moon star form on chocolates, followed by a thousand letters of poetry and pictures.
The children then went to the Diyarbakir Police Directorate.
The Diyarbakir Police Directorate set up an exhibition table about the co-ordinated work of children in the west.
The exhibition, set up in the new Police Directorate building, presents students' work.
The exhibition was visited primarily by police officers serving in the Police Directorate building and by citizens doing business there.
The letter, which contains thoughtful texts and poetry, was a touching reminder for readers.
"We are grateful to you for the sacrifice you have made in protecting innocent people in Diyarbakir," a student wrote about the operations in the central city of Sur.
The exhibition will continue until next week.
She calls her daughter 'Angela Merkel'
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who has been criticised at times over her policy towards refugees, has been given the name of another baby refugee.
Escaped from the Syrian war, Memun Al-Hzamza, 26, and his wife Tema Al-Hawar, 21, who managed to make it to the German city of Duisburg, named their first children "Angela Merkel".
"We are grateful that we are here.
To illustrate this, we have named our daughter Angela Merkel," he said.
"Germany has become a mother for us," said Baba Memun Al Hamza.
IT'S SOURCE 'MERKEL'
The baby, Angela Merkel, was born on December 27th.
Angela Merkel, a minik weighing 3kg 300g and weighing 55cm, is in good health, according to German media reports.
Last year, a refugee from Ghana named her daughter Angela Merkel, and some of them raised "Merkel Ana" banners in support of Merkel.
Consumer confidence in the United States peaks in 7 months
According to university data, UMICH rose by 0.7 percentage points from the end of the range in January to stand at 93.3.
As a result, the market expectancy for the index -- the highest since June 2015 -- was set at 92.9.
"Consumer confidence is on the rise in the fourth month, with expectations for future economic growth improving," said Richard Curtin, director of consumer research in Michigan.
"Personal financing expectations remained generally the highest since 2007 due to weak inflation," he said.
The statement also predicted that consumer optimism will now hinge on the continued exceptionally low level of inflation.
With an average of 92.9 per year last year, it is the best annual performance since 2004, and is based on the results of a 50-question survey conducted monthly with at least 500 respondents.
Super Loto results
The Super Loto results were announced last night by the National lottery agency.
The Super Loto results, which had been handed over for 5 weeks, were awaited with curiosity and excitement.
The Super Loto draw on January 14th, when the bonus amounted to 9m lira, again failed to attract six cars.
In the Super Loto, he handed over 8,730,000 lira for the week, along with hopes.
That's the Super Loto results, the winning numbers of the week and the bonus list...
The winning numbers in the Super Loto 430th week draw are 1, 7, 10, 14, 20 and 27.
On January 14th, 2016, six cars failed to make it into the Super Loto draw, resulting in a bonus of 8,734,19 lira, or sixty-three cubic cents.
The bonus for next week's Super Loto draw is expected to be around 10m lira.
According to the results of the Super Loto draw announced by the National lottery, 202 people in five will receive bonuses of 3, 132 lira per cubic metre, 10,262 people in four will receive bonuses of 66 lira for 25 cubic metres, and 181,612 people in three will receive bonuses of 6 lira for 45 cubic metres.
Putin complains he's smoking
Russia is preparing to grant Turkish companies "business with Russia" status if Turkey fails to provide its services by any other means, and the Russian Union of Tour Operators has made it clear that "Russian citizens do not give up Turkey".
The Russian Ministry of Economic Development, which estimated that severing existing economic ties with Turkey would bring additional costs to Russia, has submitted a new "Itisnaje status" draft for Turkey to the Russian government.
According to the draft, published in the Russian Federal Decree, Turkish companies and companies are allowed to do business with Russia even if they are subject to sanctions if necessary.
Under the draft, Turkish companies and firms would be able to benefit from products and services that cannot be obtained from sources other than Turkey, or where domestic production in Russia would incur significant additional costs.
Which Turkish goods and services will be included in this category will be determined by a composite commission established within the Russian Economic Development Ministry in partnership with other relevant ministries.
The decision will then be made by bureaucrats to select which Turkish company can work with Russia.
Under the same document, state-owned companies and private companies in Russia will have to certify to the commission that they have no alternative to doing business with Turkish partners.
Registers of Turkish privileged companies in Russia would also be established if the draft is approved and implemented by the Russian government.
The Russian Union of Tour Operators said yesterday that Russian citizens have not given up on Turkey.
"Despite the ban on selling holidays and the Russian Foreign Ministry's recommendation not to travel to Turkey, our citizens have begun looking for a formula to organise holidays on their own," the statement said.
On social networks online, the number of postings titled 'the most practical and cheap way to vacation in Turkey' is skyrocketing.
The most common advice is to book hotels online and fly with THY.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev described the price of oil, which has fallen to less than $30, as a "dramatic" development for Russia.
"It was a very bad surprise for our government, as nobody ever thought that oil would drop to $30.
It seems that this will not make it possible to fulfil the budget in its present form," he said.
The last month of 2015.
Following the plane crash crisis, Russian President Vladimir Putin is announcing further deepening economic sanctions.
At the time, our businessmen, our THY staff, officially tied bars at the border crossings as they tried to leave for Russia in the usual way.
Turkish goods are dragged into customs and subjected to unprecedented checks.
It's not much more than a month, and yesterday Nerdun Hadzimu reported from Moscow.
One way or another, sanctions are being relaxed.
But why?
The reason is simple.
In a time when the economy is globalised so much, your efforts to turn political confrontations into economic warfare are no longer in vain, as is the practice of closing the gates in a pre-millennium manner.
We are still writing about Iran and how the economic embargo imposed for years is being broken.
Russia and Turkey, two seemingly distant neighbours that do not seem to have much in common, are actually far apart.
It is technically impossible to separate the two countries -- a businessman, a tourist, an entrepreneur and a customer -- overnight.
If you close the doors, people from these two countries enter each other's country from their legs.
It is best to have a political discussion at the table and negotiate there before sanctions create new Reza Zarrabs (Rıza Sarraf).
With no economy to spare...
Hotel attack in Burkina Faso kills 20
At least 20 people were reported killed in a car bomb attack on the Splendid Hotel in the capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou.
Officials at the Burkina Faso Interior Ministry said they had found 20 bodies in the hotel lobby and in the hotel's café.
Security forces, backed by French special forces, reportedly rescued 63 hostages, including the Burkina Faso Labour Minister, 33 of whom were injured.
It is not known how many hostages and attackers were found in the 147-room hotel.
Witnesses say two bomb-loaded cars broke up just outside the Splendid Hotel, preferred mainly by UN staff and foreigners, and three to four masked people entered the hotel.
Bad news in Sur: 1 dead
Ali Bulduk, a police officer who was severely injured yesterday by a homemade explosive device intercepted by terrorists in the southeastern province of Sur, where the street-blocking continued on the 46th day, and was taken to the Diyarbakir Military Hospital. Despite all interventions, he was unable to be rescued and died.
It was found that the city belongs to the Adana population.
Diyarbakir residents don't support terrorism!
At 5pm, it was reported, there were plans to raise voices against the operations in front of AZC Plaza, located on the Ekincer Street office district in the Diyarbakir city of Yenisehir.
No one attended as much as was desirable, as they were invited by leaflets and calls.
Thousands participated in earlier protests, while recent ones have drawn attention to the lack of citizen support.
After failing to secure a quorum in front of AZC Plaza, the group broke up before it could carry out its actions because it did not get the support of Diyarbakir residents.
Terrorists burn schools in Diyarbakir
According to information, the incident occurred on the 1007th Street in Yunus Emre Mahallesi, in the central Baghlar district.
A group of masked terrorists entered Nuri Zekiye Has Middle School at 7.30pm and fled after throwing Molotov cocktails and setting the building on fire.
As the building caught on fire, residents in the area reported to the fire brigade.
Firefighters called police and asked for security measures in order to enter the area.
Several police teams were then flown to the area in armoured vehicles.
As security was secured, firefighters arrived at the school and extinguished the blaze without covering the entire building.
Police teams then conducted a fact-finding mission and a multi-pronged effort was launched to capture the fugitive terrorists.
Meanwhile, some police officers on the scene helped reporters obtain a photo, while a policeman tried to block reporters who sought a photo.
ATM thieves take aim
Police teams from Izmir Police have started work on a complaint that some people's bank card information has been copied and money has been drawn from their accounts other than the information, resulting in spending.
Police identified M.M.G (43) and R.O (32) as the perpetrators of the incident as part of the investigation, and determined that the suspects had used "carrot-copying equipment" and "mini cameras" installed on ATMs in different provinces of Turkey to copy citizens' card information.
The suspects, who learned the codes, were found to have made transactions using them.
The operation led to their detention.
The teams, which examined a laptop used by M.M.G. and R.O., recovered several video recordings from a mini-cam system set up to seize the codes of citizens processing ATMs, and determined that indictees remained in the cities for a short time before being caught.
The indictees were found to have unfairly earned 50,000 lira through a forgery operation on 15 different ATMs in Izmir.
Following police proceedings, the suspects were arrested and taken to court.
Officials have warned that citizens should regularly check their account movements against such incidents and use their hands during entering the code at ATMs.
Netherlands: Assad must face trial at The Hague
Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad must be tried at the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague.
Speaking at a conference in The Hague, Koenders said Assad is to blame for the influx of asylum seekers.
As long as Assad is in power, he said, peace in Syria will not be possible.
He must be tried by the ICJ in The Hague.
Whoever has so much blood should be held accountable to the judiciary.
He is also the sole culprit in the flood of asylum seekers that we are currently facing.
However, I am aware that Assad will not be leaving his post any time soon.
This issue should be discussed first, and Russia's help is needed in this regard.
Intense protest against Burak Yilmaz
In the 59th minute of the match against Medicana Sivasspor, protests rose as Burak Yilmaz missed a goal for Sneijder.
Burak Yilmaz then reacted by gesturing to those who had abstained.
Reactions then surged, with protests heard every time the goalkeeper's ball hit the player's leg.
Then some of the stands backed Burak Yilmaz and protested supporters who reacted meaninglessly to their own players.
Later, a large number of the stands backed Burak Yilmaz.
Legendary Win: No discrepancy at Celtic
While agreeing that the Hoops are in a bad position, Deila will overcome it, Griffith dismissed Celtic's words of incompatibility.
Warburton's eloquence was matched by SFA's dismissal of Neilson and the January signing that broke Team unity.
Leader Don's five-point lead over Celtic
ADAM Rooney's penalty kick in the first half gave Aberdeen a justified win against Hamilton at Pittodrie, and gave the Dons an opportunity to make a five-point difference between them and Celtic.
Griffith downplays words of incompatibility
Rumours of non-compliantness in Celtic have gripped Griffith's tongue, and he says he and his teammates have not had any difficulty in preparing to face the Dutch League Leaders, with a growing sense of follow-up.
I don't think we feel pressured, I think the players are impatient for that.
Lack of Scotland's title contest keeps Holland's de Boer upset
Ronald de Boer, a former midfielder for the Rangers and a former international figure in Dutch football, says Dutch football enthusiasts are losing interest in Celtic because they can no longer compete with the Rangers.
"They are no longer missing the Celtic matches in the Netherlands, why?" said De Boer, who is already an ambassador for Ajax.
Because the Rangers are not there anymore.
People don't just talk about the return of the Rangers.
They are talking about the Former Team.
They talk about the teams, they talk about it together, they're interested in it.
The Old Team's matches were tense, and it was not just the Scottish fans who wanted to watch them.
I will fix things, he swears
RONNY Deila acknowledged that Celtic was struggling, but the Norwegian boss said the trend would reverse.
Immediately after the defeat at Malmoe and the subsequent loss to the Champions League, it was followed by the loss to the 10-member Aberdeen, who now lead by five points in the scoreboard.
However, Deila said, "Celtic has had bad times in the past and we will come back again."
Now we want to show up as soon as possible.
I know that the situation is very disappointing and that many people are angry or frustrated at what happened.
We are in the same situation -- but we have to continue.
We really, really need Celtic's support because they make them feel much better.
It's so important to stay together now.
Warburton's rush for January transfers
Despite comments he made just a week or two ago, setting some January transfer targets, the manager of the Rangers, Mark Warburton, is reluctant to sign, insisting that Ibrox does not want to disrupt team unity.
"The summer transfer window is very different from the summer one," said the former Brentford coach.
For the players who come in the summer, there is a pre-season period you will be familiar with, which we have seen this season in our own group.
The team is really well.
Sometimes adding unnecessary players to what you really need is more damaging.
On retirement, Celtic targets Michu
One of the Swansea players, Michu, tied up with Celtic on the transfer window, and defeated predictions that he might retire at the end of the contract with the Dogs.
At the age of 29, he suffered unbearable pain from a problem leg joint for two years and was unable to find a way out of Wales in the summer.
Kalpler prepares for SFA debate over Neilson's comments
When the Paterson kicked out, the Kalplers were 2-1 ahead and then lost 3-2, turning everything upside down after the defender's red card -- Collum's third red card to be revoked in eight months.
"I never questioned the unity, I did not comment on the performance," he insists.
Griffiths tries to prevent Tynecastle
The beaten Hibee was appalled when he sang an offensive line about former Kalpler actor Rudi Skacel.
The incident occurred in March 2014 in a bar in the Roseburn area of Edinburgh, prior to the Edinburgh derby in Tynecastle.
"It was a friendly match and it was hot," he said. "I can absolutely say that I will not go to Tynecastle after that, except to play Celtic.
Tannadice board trusts Dundee United management - Donnelly
Simon Donnelly, meanwhile, still has confidence that the management team of the Dundee United board will get things right -- but agrees that the downside on the pitch must end.
I think Stephen Thompson has trusted us.
We will make the children ready to go again," Donnely said.
Mclness satisfied with "great win" over Hamilton
Derek Mclness admits that the Aberdeen team had to hold on to the Hamilton Accies desperately to see a seventh straight win in the league, led by a penalty kick from Adam Rooney in the first half, bringing them to the top of the scoreboard with five points higher than Celtic.
"There is no team in the middle that wins anything without winning a game in this way, whether it's cups or leagues," Mclnnes said.
Unemployment rates soar in Britain, while rates remain the same among Scottish
While the number of jobless in Scotland remained unchanged at 164,000 between May and July, the number of those in the UK as a whole rose by 10,000, to 1.82 million.
The unemployment rate in Scotland was 5.9 per cent, up from 5.5 per cent in the United Kingdom, according to the National Statistical Office (ONS).
Meanwhile, employment in Scotland dropped by 12,000 in three months, leaving 2.612,000 people employed.
For Scotland, the employment rate has dropped to 74.0 per cent -- more than the UK average of 73.5 per cent.
"The government's long-term plan has laid the foundations for a stronger economy," State Secretary for Scotland David Mundell said, commenting on the latest figures.
It has been almost exactly a year since Scotland decided to remain part of Britain.
In the past 12 months, we have seen improvements in the Scottish Labour Force market, with increased employment and reduced unemployment.
Why I Say I Killed in Oklahoma City
Later today, I will be watching the murder of a man due to a late legal intervention.
I hope not, but if it does, I will sit in the death row gallery at the Oklahoma County Prison, where Richard Glossip is executed by lethal injection.
He asked me to become one of the four official witnesses to his death.
The invitation was first made through a best friend in January, and I was shocked, but accepted.
As that day approached, I began to fear it.
Why am I doing this?
I agreed because I thought it was a good way to tell the whole story about a death sentence.
It will offer a unique perspective.
True, journalists are allowed to monitor executions in America, and when deciding who should be selected, an appalling lottery emerges, as there is more practice than there is now.
The Oklahoma media cut its seats from 12 to five.
Whoever is elected will watch his feelings without hesitation.
I can't do that.
I will sit with the closest friends of Richard Glossip and have developed a relationship with him over the past several months through phone calls and a two-and-a-half-hour visit.
I love that man.
We laugh a lot when we speak.
Prison officials have told me that I cannot be both a photographer and a journalist, so I will not be given pencils and notebooks to record what I see.
I will try to remember all the details.
A journalist from Oklahoma accused me on Twitter of compromising my neutrality.
That's the lesson.
Telling the prisoner's story as he likes it gains access.
I complained to him.
He admitted "that he can express it better" but thinks what I have been doing is wrong.
Richard Glossip disagrees with me on some of the things I have said and written.
He does not tell me what to write, and if he did, I would not accept it.
I told him he could remove me from the list of individuals if he wanted to.
But an international reporter wants to be there and write them.
If he dies, he thinks disseminating it to the public will help the anti-death penalty movement.
A reporter from Huffington Post, Kim Bellware, will be with me.
If you want more information, please listen to my podcast series.
I will not go into all details here.
I am not sure that Richard Glossip is innocent.
Barry Van Treese's posthumous actions are enough to make him a partner in crime.
However, I still believe he was not guilty of the murder.
I firmly believe that there is insufficient evidence to legitimise a death sentence.
I think his execution was wrong.
And I will watch his death through that lens.
I cannot claim that I will be objective.
You can look at other reporters there for that.
The impressions you will have from me will be the impressions you will have from watching the death of a man whom you like to kill unnecessarily.
Man gets away from the Canning River after police sting
The Canning Vale policeman pulled the man out of the Canning River, convincing him to leave.
An alleged escape from the police car behind a Perth man ended in the pool of water and mud, in an effort by a police officer to "convincing me to come back to the shore gently".
Police in Canning Vale were called on Tuesday for trespassing in Beckenham.
When they found him, the man tried to escape from the police by entering the Canning River.
However, it has not gone far.
"Deputy Commissioner Shandell Castledine himself was standing in the water and saying 'I won't go out, 'take the reins'," he said.
Policeman Lachlan did not want to imitate the uniform of Perhavec and used a safer tactic -- "good police negotiation".
"Sometimes people say funny things to try to escape," said senior Deputy Commissioner Castledine.
Champions football player Ben Cousins set a lasting example.
In 2006, a policeman abandoned his car to avoid an alcohol control and tried to swim across the River Swan.
Their efforts failed, but they inspired local residents to plan a mock Ben Cousins biathlon.
Peter Moody claims crooks intimidated him, threatening him to quit the race
Peter Moody claimed that the Racing Victoria crooks tried to put up a joke on their own backs last year and threatened him to quit the race immediately.
Racing targeted Victoria's crown-bearers and the union department, who said they were personally campaigning against her in order to exclude Lady Tatai from the race during the final warm-up Wednesday before the race.
Moody told Fairfax Media that he is always trying to do the best in the race, and he told Lidari that he found himself in difficult circumstances he could not explain when he had a positive result on the ballot.
In the face of the allegations, Spain said he did not want to "look like mahogany grapes" because he had been mucking his tongue for 18 months.
"I won't say it and I've been covering it for a long time, but sometimes you get very nervous and everything suddenly happens," Moody said.
They know this is going on.
Sometimes you react and you accept the consequences, and I will accept the consequences of what I say.
I will sleep at ease when I go home tonight.
I want to walk upright and let my bosses know that I am trying to do my best for them.
When they start to think that I didn't do it, I can no longer be deceptive.
If so, I was wondering what I would do with my license.
Earlier, in a racing.com interview, Moody had detonated a bomb that accused the union's department of extortion within its own ranks.
"Eighteen months ago Terry Bailey, Dayle Brown and Dr Brian Stewart were sitting in a room with a man -- I'll call him if he's asked -- and they offered him a job in my yard in exchange for telling them what I did in my yard," Moody said at Racing.com.
They clearly believe that I am a tycoon.
If that is the case, they all have to return their bodies because they were not capable of catching me.
Robert Roulston, the former head of the RVL, David Moodie, the new head of the RVL, and the current general manager of the RVL all knew that at the time, and they do.
Should it make me think it's becoming personal?
Does RVL have a number of balls and perhaps wants to make those other than the operators responsible for what is going on in the industry?
Am I bad for industry?
Am I so bad for industry?
Maybe people outside think I am.
Maybe they need to get my license and kick me out, but I'm not sure what I say will make them think.
But at the point of my arrival I can't predict anything and that makes me sad.
I am really sorry.
I will put pressure on them, I will give them the responsibility to make decisions.
I have the support of my family and I can walk.
The worker's disappointment with Lidari's long-running bat probe and the subsequent scratch-off made her call "get me out of the middle of the table".
Moody, who became famous for preparing the unbeaten champion Kara Havyar, described the race day maintenance rule as "ridiculous" and said dragging mud or clay sheets onto the lion's feet was unconstitutional.
This is against the rules of the race.
I have to take full responsibility for this," he said.
One of my men accidentally slipped the mud into his leg.
He could have taken it last night.
He could have, and he has.
The race got under way.
Moody could face a three-month ban because of its managers' investigation into a race-day malfunction.
It's a joke.
Those who follow these rules know nothing about the horse.
"We understand that we need rules, but this has gone very far," Moody said.
Driver caught in Cobram crash
Police arrested a cyclist in Cobram at the weekend who ran away.
The biker was flown to the Royal Melbourne Hospital for serious injuries after being hit by a car on the Murray Valley Highway on Saturday morning.
Police said the driver had fled without a helping hand.
On Monday, a 50-year-old man from Nathalia turned himself in at the police station in Shepparton.
He is expected to be charged with failing to stop in an accident, failing to provide assistance and other traffic offences.
The 40-year-old cyclist from Cobram remains stable at the hospital.
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy responds sharply to wrestling claims by opponents
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy has targeted criticism of his own team as an effort to "create a daylight" for the NRL's two favourite titles.
Sydney Roosters coach Trent Robinson said on Friday night in Sydney's semifinal that referees had allowed Storm "to compete" with his team.
Brisbane Broncos coach Wayne Bennett described the match as a "obvious" match for the rugby league after the team's semi-final victory against the North Queensland Cowboys on Saturday night, sending the Storm a little too far behind, and said the two Oueensland players were not "very big" in wrestling.
Bellamy defended his team's challenge and said they were only focusing on "contact" while fighting.
Bellamy said he was relieved of criticism from two leading coaches because it meant they worried that Storm would beat them.
This arrival is ongoing -- I did not hear Trent Robinson mention wrestling when we won 24-2," Bellamy said on Wednesday.
I guarantee that we have not changed anything in our defence systems or techniques during the whole year; in the last six weeks alone, we have put a real emphasis on our combat contacts, and this has been a turning point for us.
Trent has been there for three years and obviously there is a big team he coaches and he seems not used to losing in a small shock for himself.
It is funny that this happened at this time of year.
Bellamy disagreed with Bennett's idea of "lively football", reminiscent of his predecessor who won the 2010 St. George-Illawarra Dragons title by playing "destructive" football.
Wayne talks about exciting football.
He compared their own match on Saturday night to ours on Friday night, and how exciting their match was," Bellamy said.
I remember in 2010 when St George was criticised for being a boring team, and Wayne said he wouldn't give a damn.
But now we have a team that will play what we call exciting football, and especially with its speed and its younger half.
It's the kind of football you want to play when you have these kinds of players.
That's what happened in 2010, and now everybody wants to play football the way they do -- not every team has half (doubles) like Anthony Milford and Ben Hunt, so it's not possible to play that way.
This gives me more confidence because they even speak like this because they have a little bit of qualms about playing.
They probably didn't think of us six weeks ago when they were going to big matches.
He also pointed out that the Storm and Roosters match had higher scores than the Broncos and Cowboys match.
The Broncos game was probably a good one, I haven't seen it yet, but what was the score? 16-12?
Our match is 20 - 18, the score of both sides is higher in our match, but is this exciting football?
Or is it exciting to cut but not score?
In my opinion, that is the agenda.
If they are talking about us, it means we will meet them here in the future.
This is not a weekend, as Storm has been able to host one of the North Queensland Cowboys or Cronulla Sharks at AAMI Park on Saturday night in their first final match, which went on sale Tuesday.
Serbian man released on $200,000 bail for drug offence
Arrested on 40kg of cocaine smuggled into Queensland and facing a possible life sentence, he was released on bail on $200,000.
Marko Maksimovic, 29, was one of five people apprehended last month by federal police, who traced 100kg of the drug from the Soyuz yacht, which was brought from South America via Vanuatu to the port of Coomera in August.
Maksimovic was seen meeting criminal partners at the marina all morning, and later met with them at the Coomera Roadhouse café, where police found 40kg of narcotics in a Toyota Echo.
Although he faces a potential life sentence for possession of commercial cocaine, Maksimovic's lawyer said there was no evidence that he had attempted to acquire all the drugs, and that he might have been in the café for unpaid purposes.
Judge Peter Flanagan of Yuce Divan was concerned that Maksimovic risked evasion.
They have open connections to Serbia.
He travels frequently to Serbia," he told the court Wednesday.
He denied to the police where he had been in the public trial.
Maksimovic's mother and foster father offered $200,000 to be released on bail.
Judge Flanagan said it was "clear that after reading the solemn statements of both men, the $200,000 bail amount represents a real financial burden above them."
But that alone is not enough to keep him from going to court, he warned.
Maksimovic was released on bail in exchange for handing over both his Australian and Serbian passports, and for complying with a ban on going to the police station every day and on the street from 6pm to 6pm.
Stevan Hogg uses girls' phones to lure pedophiles to send video
One paedophile used the phone of an 11-year-old girl to request images of child abuse.
Stevan Hogg received the girl's phone while on the phone, logged on to an online text messaging service and received a series of inappropriate child images sent to him by another user.
She later woke up and realised she had no phone, and found it in the hands of Hogg, who was asleep.
He looked at her and immediately noticed the disturbing messages before warning her mother.
Police were interested and saw five pictures, then analysed the computers that provided the addresses and discovered "related" web searches using terms to find inappropriate children's pictures.
Hogg later alleged that he was doing it to "lead pedophiles" on the internet and "behave and scare them like police".
"He said it was a addiction -- a addiction that scares people.
He acknowledged that the searches were computerised, but said he did it to act like a police officer to scare off pedophiles.
Questions were asked about the unknown person who sent the pictures to him and about interviews he had with them, who asked him to send more.
He said he did it to attract them.
When drunk, he said, he got sick and wanted to watch the scenes of rapes and murders.
"When she found the text messages on her phone, she screamed at her mother and was trembling and crying.
The mother saw inappropriate pictures on the phone, and the accusations followed.
The girl was interviewed and said she used a computer and a Playstation to look younger than the defendant.
Hogg, 23, from Ward Road, Dundee, was convicted of taking or producing inappropriate pictures of children on June 14th last year, violating his right to freedom on January 25th this year and failing to appear in court on March 24th this year.
Gregor Sim, the defence attorney, said that Hogg was not included in the category of sexual offences because it could be argued that there was no "substantial sexual element" in that crime.
Şerif Alistair Carmichael has postponed the case until October, when a social background study report is due to be released.
Hogg was released on bail in that case, but was placed under eye arrest for other unusual cases.
Registration of sexual offences was made prior to the sentencing date.
Robert Mugabe speaks ill in Zimbabwe parliament
The oldest leader in Africa, Mr. Mugabe, fell down the stairs as he was climbing a bridge earlier this year.
He was not injured, but the footage of the fall went viral on social media.
The opening of parliament was blamed on allegations by opposition MPs that they had received anonymous death threats if they beat him during Mr Mugabe's speech.
During his address to the nation in parliament last month, he was swept away and repeatedly stopped from speaking -- the same speech he repeated on Tuesday.
Innocent Gonese, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), said seven opposition politicians received messages on their mobile phones so that they would not disturb him during Mr Mugabe's speech.
"After Mr. Mugabe's speech, the message comes to journalists from a number that cannot be seen, but the title is 'death'," he said.
He tells them that their immunity is valid within parliament and that when they leave parliament, immunity does not work.
She said she was "alarmed" by the threats the party, led by Morgan Tsvangirai, faces from its politicians.
Hewlett-Packard to cut 30,000 jobs
In its efforts to restructure and cut costs in its corporate services business, Hewlett-Packard will cut between 25,000 and 30,000 jobs.
HP will split between the two listed companies later this year; it will separate computer and printer jobs from faster-growing enterprise equipment and service operations.
The expected layoffs will result in around $2.7 billion in costs at the start of the fourth quarter, HP said in a statement.
"These restructuring activities will provide a more competitive and sustainable cost structure for the new Hewlett Packard Company," said HP chief executive Meg Whitman, who will head the post-secession unit.
"Hewlett Packard will be smaller and more focused compared to today's HP, and we will have a broad and deep portfolio to help companies transition to a new way of doing business," he said.
As a separate company, we are much better positioned than before to meet the growing needs of our customers worldwide.
According to a company statement, annual revenues for Hewlett Packard Company will exceed $50 billion and will focus on "providing unimpeded integrated technology solutions" for businesses.
Its garages in Palo Alto are named after "the birthplace of Silicon Valley" and split the company, which was founded in the 1930s by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard, a graduate of the University of Stanford, to make electrical equipment.
HP is undergoing a major overhaul to deal with the shift from traditional personal computers to mobile devices.
The move by HP, the world's largest PC manufacturer and one of the largest technology companies in the United States, is one of the latest moves in the sector, as tightly-focused firms believe they are performing better.
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta says fellow players have had problems with Wilshere's injury ahead of the Dinamo Zagreb match.
Wenger stressed that Wilshere's injury occurred in September and that treatment was planned, and there was no reason not to play in the Christmas timetable.
The best-case scenario already means that Wilshere will definitely miss at least four matches in England, and it remains uncertain whether he will make it to the European Championship next summer, given his background.
The most embarrassing part of the last problem is that Wilshere saved a separate ankle and ended the season strong, and then used his pre-season sword.
This kind of injury is not a threat to your career," said Wenger.
This is a bone that has not completely healed.
It's not big.
It was just an accident.
This has nothing to do with his knowledge or previous injuries.
From a medical perspective, they may be true, but there is also the danger of a mid-season returnee being caught further in the lurch, something Wenger would admit.
At the same time, there is an emerging uncomfortable legacy.
According to research by Prumiyer Injuries Ltd, there have been 23 different disturbances registered in Wilshere since its inception six years ago.
In the past five seasons, Arsenal has played only 65 of 157 league matches.
To put it bluntly, Arsenal is one of the two First League teams that has mostly lost to injury in six out of eight seasons since 2007/08.
Wenger acknowledges the potential for a vicious circle, but Arsenal believes the injury record last season will continue to improve.
"Sometimes, when you come back from an injury, you have a period of vulnerability, a process in which you want to strengthen your body and win the battle," said Wenger.
Jack is young enough to get out of it.
I hope the body will stabilise, I trust it and I believe it will make the career it deserves.
Arsenal is set to begin its Champions League campaign against Dinamo Zagreb on Wednesday night, but Arsenal faces upset by Chelsea on Saturday and Tottenham Hotspur next Wednesday, and Wenger is preparing his squad for them.
Héctor Bellerin and Aaron Ramsey did not go to Croatia, which makes sense for Mathieu Debuchy and Arteta.
Wenger could also start with Kieran Gibbs and Olivier Giroud to replace Theo Walcott with Nacho Monreal.
"I strive to protect the momentum and give the players the warmth they need," said Wenger.
Although Arsenal is an open favourite in Group F, Zagreb's Maksimir Stadium is one of the most prestigious in Europe.
Dinamo has not lost 41 games since last season, when it built its own "Stand Up" campaign.
The stadium was struck by a quake measuring 3.2 on the Richter scale Tuesday night.
This is the 10th tremor in Zagreb this year.
Wenger believes Arsenal has learned the lesson from its defeat against Monaco in the Champions League last season, and remains motivated by the club's ambitious goal of winning its first European Cup victory.
"The motivation is huge," said Wenger.
This has never happened with Arsenal.
In 2006 we were very close, but on the other hand I have enough experience to be realistic.
We are passionate, but not pessimistic.
FriendsFest: a comedy show that teaches us serious lessons about male friendship
The absence of similar portals in the programmes is noteworthy, especially at a time when men are much needed for openings and suicide rates among younger men are at the peak of 15 years.
In 2013, it was the leading cause of male deaths between the ages of 20 and 45; it was three times higher among men than women.
To draw attention to the problem, the Campaign Against Poverty (CALM) has declared 2015 as the Year of Men and aims to counter the culture that prevents men from seeking help when they need it.
Friendship is at the core of the battle to accomplish this difficult task.
A study of over 2,000 high school students with depressing symptoms showed that a person suffering from this affliction has twice the chances of recovery if they have a large number of "healthy fashion" friends.
Likewise, it halves the mental challenge for the depressed to form a circle of mentally healthy friends.
However, for friendship to work, it has to be accessible first.
With social media dominated by communication, the priority now is to provide an immediate response, rather than meaningful communication, with a styled rather than content-oriented room.
Our digital lives have doubled the need to be seen as strong, fun-loving and successful people; in fact, it's all about isolation.
The concepts of externality, as artificial intelligence psychologists call them, are dominated by money, image, social status; they are followed by internality, which has deeper implications for our mental health -- our internal affection for personal development and friendship.
As one billionth of a video game creator recently put it, money can't buy happiness.
The beauty of the Friends series was that it turned this focal point on its head.
Characters were identified not by their work, but by their personality, which was evident in their interactions with their friends.
Joey and Chandler's frequent breaks, the minute they watched soccer in their comfortable chairs, Ross's contacts with Rachel all stem from the knowledge that men can actually relate to them even if they lag behind in expressing their full feelings.
"... listening to people who are depressed and suicidal, I saw how even the smallest interactions between friends can make a difference," one helpful worker told me.
Most men who contact us can't talk to their friends.
The feeling of "going back" is very strong, and so is the idea that opening up to others is a sign of weakness."
One of the programmes that comes to mind when I suggest long-term coping mechanisms is the Friends series.
He highlighted small moments of male friendship.
To my intent, a foreign status on the phone helps people in times of hardship, but the long-term support comes from family and friends with close personal networks.
And if you're joining FriendsFest at Comedy Central this weekend, why not bring friends to Central Perk for a drink, amidst the festive scene?
Or, better yet, smile if you see a lonely one at Starbucks and tell her you're leaving.
You can't tell how much of a difference your friendship will make.
Friends, all 236 episodes on Comedy Central, for #FriendsFest
Di Maria's goal facilitates PSG's defeat at Malmo
Angel Di Maria celebrated with Blaise Matuidi and Edinson Cavani after his goal for Malmo.
Angel Di Maria made it easier for PSG to beat its opponent by sending a goal to the Swedish club Malmo on Tuesday at the start of the Champions League.
That's the report and the reactions to the match.
With Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani on target, Paris Saint-Germain began their Champions League campaign on Tuesday with a comfortable, clear 2-0 win over Malmoe at Parc des Princes.
Di Maria scored four more minutes, allowing the French champion to move ahead in the Champions League, but they could not afford the second goal headed by Cavani in the 61st minute.
Paris, which has teamed up with Real Madrid and Shakhtar Donetsk in Group A, needed a strong start against the Swedish champion, not only to move out of the qualifying group, but to improve its quarterfinal performance in the last three championships.
But the game they played in scoring was not the best ever for Laurent Blanc's team, and Zlatan Ibrahimovic spent a lot of time around the penalty area, with which he started a spectacular career in 1999 and was later sidelined against his home team.
"It's not easy to win in the Champions League, inside or outside, so a 2-0 win will create problems for our opponents, and it's a good start, though we have some things to improve during the season, but to give a comfortable view behind the scenes," Blanc said.
This is a good sign.
We wanted to win and we won, even though we did not qualify for one or two more goals.
After his injury, Ibrahimovic returned to Paris with one of the three player changes made in the 2-2 draw with Bordeaux in the 1st Division at the weekend, but in the 4th minute he was overshadowed by Di Maria.
When the Argentine wingman was transferred from Manchester United last month, he was seen as the one who would bring PSG to a higher level in Europe, and he proved unjust when Marco Veratti put his foot behind the Maltese defender and hit Johan Wiland from a distant corner, sending him into the net.
At the same time, everyone was disappointed, expecting the PSG to win a major victory.
To make it through that round, Malmoe -- which included Celtic in the play off -- had nine international players, a five-man defender and two deep midfielders, and a heavyweight opponent.
In the 34th minute, they made very few attacks, except for a shot by Nikola Djurdjic, clinching the corner held by Kevin Trapp.
The PSG, on the other hand, allowed them to slow down with unnecessary passes and inefficient final shots, Ibrahimovic was unable to finish in at least five attacks in the first half, and the second half started in disappointment, matching Cavani's.
However, he proved to be more adept when it came to organising his comrades, and in the 52nd minute it was Ibrahimovic who passed a distorted shot from Di Maria to Wiland's net.
The second goal came after a full hour of freezing, thanks to Cavani, who scored his sixth goal of the season after a cross from Maxwell's left wing after Ibrahimovic's pass.
Malmou's idea of returning to the match was exhausted, and after an unorderly golden by late Ezequiel Lavezzi, Wiland perfectly saved David Luiz's empty-handed shot and did not let the score change.
Maltese coach Age Hareide later acknowledged that PSG is a class superior to his team. "Our last Champions League match was in December last year," he said.
Since then, we have played only in the Swedish League, which is not at the same level as him.
Teams on the pitch are not enough.
Putting hats on Paris.
It was a spectacular match for them.
Glencore earns $2.5 billion from stock sale
Swiss-based mining giant Glencore took a blow from falling processed commodity prices and sold its shares Wednesday, earning $2.5 billion as part of a plan to split its debts.
Glencore, listed in London, said it has sold new shares worth 1.6 billion pounds to pay off its debt.
The company, which lost 57 per cent of its market value this year, was severely affected by falling commodity prices, due to China's economic slowdown, which increased demand over time and caused market turbulence.
The rights issue prompted Glencore's share prices to rise on the London stock exchange early Wednesday morning.
Shares were 0.69 per cent higher in the FTSE 100 index, jumping by 2.77 per cent to jump to 131.60 pence.
Glencore unveiled a $2.5 billion stock sale plan last week, part of plans to cut its $30 billion debt by a third.
The company sold its new shares at 125 pence per share, a 2.4 per cent discount from Tuesday's closing.
It sold 1.3 billion shares, equivalent to 9.99 per cent of the group.
Concerns about China's long-standing growth cut iron ore prices roughly in half; coal, copper and other commodities fell between 20 per cent and 40 per cent.
White House Confirms Xi Jinping's Visit to Washington
The White House confirmed on Tuesday that Chinese President Xi Jinping will make an official visit to the United States at the end of the month.
The trip, Xi's first official to Washington, will take place on September 25th, a reciprocal visit to Barack Obama, who arrived in Beijing last November, the statement said.
Following the two heads of state's bilateral meetings, the US president and First Lady Michelle Obama will host a dinner with Xi to honour her husband, Peng Liyuan.
It also stressed that "President Xi's visit will expand US-Chinese co-operation in bilateral relations, as well as regional and global issues, and will allow President Obama and President Xi to address contentious issues in a constructive manner."
Explaining his visit in February, Xi is expected to stop in Seattle to meet with some US technology leaders before heading to New York to attend the UN General Assembly in September.
Obama and Xi are also expected to discuss some controversial issues, including Washington's concerns over China's alleged cyber-espionage activities and China's claims of sovereignty over the South China Sea.
Matt Damon views diversity in filmmaking as irrelevant
Matt Damon disagreed with African-American filmmaker Effie Brown, saying it was not necessary to be behind the camera during a variety of interest discussions.
In part one, Project Greenlight, broadcast on HBO on Sunday night, Brown struck a chord with the veteran actor while stressing the need for alternative visions of the black main character in the project's chosen script.
"When we talk about diversity, you do it not on the cast of the show, but on the cast of the movie," Damon claimed.
Shocked, Brown reacted as the actor continued to comment on the Mars movie, saying "Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Damon and Brown were joined by co-producers Ben Affleck and Farrelly to discuss the show's finalists.
"I wanted to make people think about how to treat the persona of Uyum, no matter who the director is," Brown said first.
The only black character is a prostitute hit by a white mobster.
The publisher of St. Valentine's White People has insisted that the film's directors, Leo Angelos and Kristen Brancaccio, be chosen as finalists.Damon responded that their appointments "can be terminated in a way we did not want".
Following the debate, social media sparked a furor over Damon's comments.
Twitter user MrPooni expressed outrage by writing, "Matt Damon can explain his diversity about this black person since he speaks about the only black person in the room, BEIJING IS a painful thing."
After the tweet was sent, it received 5,000 retweets and 4,000 reviews.
Damon's comments come at a time when accurate expression of ethnicity in the media is in the forefront of social debate.
After being killed in 2014 by a young white policeman named Michael Brown, the Black Lives Matters movement was a nationwide influx that encouraged lawmakers and officials to stop discriminating against coloured people.
In February, singer Prince spoke out in public as the nominations for Best Album of the Year were presented at the Grammy Awards.
The albums are still important, he said.
Like books and albums like black lives, it's still important.
Recently, the leaders of the Black Lives Matters movement issued a statement on Fox News in response to a question by Elisabeth Hasselbeck, a key Fox personality, whether the group should be regarded as a hate group.
Black Life Matters Network is a love group, they said.
Recently, it was announced that Damon was included on a list of performers, producers and media owners invited to visit the Pope to discuss the definition of the Catholic Church in the West.
It is not yet clear if he has accepted the invitation, or if he will meet the pope.
'American Ninja Warrior' crowns first champion
Professional rock climber and comedian Isaac Caldiero won the American Ninja Warrior programme on Monday night, becoming the first athlete to receive a $1m award.
The competition, which enters the 7th season, has never seen a competitor complete all stages of the obstacle course.
In the season's final, Caldiero and Geoff Britten made it to the final round.
The last task was to climb a rope of about 20m in 30 seconds.
Britten was the first to complete the event at the time, thus becoming the first athlete to finish the difficult 4th stage of the American Ninja Warrior, but Caldiero finished the event three seconds ahead of him.
Following his difficult win, Caldiero spoke to E!News in shock after winning the grand prize of $1m.
"I think it's amazing to think about it, I've never earned more than $10,000 a year or lived on it," Isaac told E!, referring to the huge increase in his own salary.
So it happened at once... I can't even imagine how it will happen... the future is unknown.
Producer Kent Weed spoke with The Hollywood Reporter about the final, explaining why there would be no awards if Britten was the first to finish the event.
By rules, the money is given to the fastest.
"If someone finishes more than once, he wins the prize for the fastest finisher," Weed said.
Money is a great reward, and it has changed lives, but it has also been a big bonus.
I don't think he has a bad idea.
He is very happy to do what he has done.
It received tones of praise from fans.
He is a wonderful man and a family father.
He is a hero to his children and wife.
"If someone beats me, I'm glad it's going to be Isaac," Geoff told me.
I think that Isaac would have thought the same if he had changed his roles.
The American Ninja Warrior has renewed the contract for its eighth season, and shooting will begin in Spring 2016.
Detroit Tigers beat Minnesota Twins
MINNEAPOLIS -- The second half of the season was not a pleasant one for the Detroit Tigers.
Once one of the best in baseball, the Tigers now ranks last in the American Central League.
Lowering its game into turmoil, the Tigers delivered an excellent game Tuesday, defeating the Minnesota Twins at Target Field, 5-4.
The Twins lost their chance to advance to the American Second League wild card, surpassing the half-point difference with Houston Astros.
For Detroit, it was a comeback on a game not seen in much of the second half of the season, even if only overnight.
Tigers manager Brad Ausmus said, "All the victories are joyful in any way."
The Tigers' forward, Alfredo Simon, scored three points in the first two hits for Detroit, demonstrating early offense support and one point each in the sixth and ninth shots.
Simon (13-9) fired 6 3/1 shots in a row, three of which were shots.
This was only the third quality start in the last nine rounds.
"I just want to close the year strong," Simon said.
For the rest, it's hard to waste every game, so I wanted to dive deeper.
Tigers pick-up striker Victor Martinez had three hits and two runs -- his first RBI since mid-August.
It was Martinez's first three-hit night since he won four matches against the Seattle Mariners on July 6th.
"He shook the soap opera hard," he said.
He looked good (at the interview), he was visibly better at BP, and he remained that way.
The Twins, who had three shots at the end of the seventh strike line, had the best chance of returning to play.
Middlefielder Byron Buxton kicked off the offence, doubled over the left-field line.
Right-hander Aaron Hicks was able to fire only a slow shot, and Simon caught second-halter BrianDozier to make a hit before taking up the ear of BlaineHardy.
Mauer was the only player who could face off against striker Miguel Sano, who passed right-handed shooter Drew VerHagen in two passes.
In the second set event, VerHagen with a pair of runners-up pulled third goalkeeper Trevor Plouffe into the doubles.
It was the 27th time in the big league that Plouffe had hit the DP this season.
After Detroit struggled to secure ninth place, Mauer beat the RBI and opened the scoring for the Tigers, coming closer to Bruce Rondon, 5-4.
At the same time, Sano was caught in three jumps for a fifth right-handed rescue.
Detroit took advantage of an early comeback from Phil Hughes, who lost his form.
The Tigers had been out of the pitch for more than a month due to a back burn and won three runs in their first two attempts against the veteran right-hander, who was just recovering from an injury.
"Clearly, this is not the match I want to play," Hughes said, "but I felt more comfortable in the run-off and made quite good jumps in the third shots."
In the first, Hushes fired a successful shot, kicking off second-half goalkeeper Ian Kinsler.
Right-hander J.D. Martinez was out twice, leaving Victor Martinez single on the first run of the match.
Victor Martinez raced with the runners to get past the 0-21 belt in the scoring position.
The third goalie, Nick Castellanos, followed with a single shot to the right, winning another run, but Victor Martinez jumped to try a third, thus ending the threats.
The Tigers added second place, a double from catcher James McCann and a two-out from midfielder Anthony Gose, making the score 3-0.
Paul Molitor, the manager of the Twins, said it was a "big bang hit".
He didn't shoot very well, but he threw it in the right place.
The shooter, Hughes, fired three shots with right-handed rescuer A.J. Achter, but failed to score until he was replaced.
Hughes was charged for three shots and four unimpressive shots in six shots.
Notes: Tigers RHP Anibal Sanchez was out of play due to a sore shoulder he used to shoot.
In 2007, Sanchez will undergo shoulder surgery by Dr James Andrews.
Sanchez, who has been on the back burns list since mid-August, was scheduled to begin work Wednesday.
In his absence, the LHP will face the Twins with Daniel Norris DL.
Norris and the Tigers have been at 1-1 in four matches since the July 30th match for the David Price transfer.
He has been out of play since August 20th due to pain on the right side.
The Tigers and the Twins will wrap up their three-game series at Target Field on Wednesday.
Norris (2-2, 4.43 ERA) will face the Minnesota RHP Ervin Santana (5-4, 4.73 ERA).
Xi wants to open up economy more to the world
On Tuesday, President Xi Jinping told a group tasked with managing reforms that the economy must be more open to the outside for growth to accelerate.
"The Chinese need to develop their opening policies by attracting foreign investment expertise," he said at the 16th Central Emerging Group meeting to Strengthen General Reforms.
While encouraging openness, he said, carrying out new reforms would bring new energy and vitality, creating a new space for economic growth.
The group's leaders adopted a number of proposals, including the negative list regulating market access, relaxation of border control policies, encouraging state-owned enterprises (SOE) to incorporate private capital, and a revision of the registration system for settlements.
According to the statement, a negative list of banned sectors and business lines for investment would be drawn up.
The system will be phased out and tested through testing programmes.
This is an important move, because it will give the market a greater role in allocating resources and will create a more open market by providing a legally based business environment.
At the same time, the government will relax control over companies, allowing them to run their affairs themselves.
It also said that China would study new models of cross-border economic co-operation in border regions and that new mechanisms would be introduced to encourage regional growth.
More space will be opened for private investment in order to open state-controlled sectors.
"The government will not change its policy towards foreign investment, and will protect the interests of foreign-funded companies by offering them better services," the statement said.
In addition, requirements for foreigners to obtain permanent residence permits or "green cards" will be optimised and application processes streamlined.
Securing the right of practitioners to practice and training professional judges and prosecutors were also discussed.
According to a statement issued after the meeting, Prime Minister Li Keqiang and senior leaders Liu Yunshan and Zhang Gaoli also attended.
The miniature suitcase is now a big fashion-Times daily Friday edition
In the world of fashion, travelling back and forth brings bags.
Recently, the trend has been towards monolithic...
Small bags wrapped around the adults attracted attention as well.
It's nice to say that everything is small.
I think this is also true of purses.
Almost packed bags and could not walk the streets, but suddenly the wind started to tip them back and the bags began to shrink.
Smaller bags were already there, but this time we found them with their big backpacks shrinked.
Only your phone, credit card and key can fit in these little bags.
It started with Céline and Hermès and spread to Prada.
The transformation of box-hunting into miniature wonder has also affected emerging models.
He presented the fun bags he prepared for this season in two versions.
Of the box-shaped buns and tiger-shaped bags, the tiger-looking ones stand out.
The mini-sizes of the large bags, which luxury brands offer under phenomenal names, seem to have again attracted the most red-haired celebrities.
Hermes' "Birkin" suitcase for Jane Birkin was one of the favourites.
Reverend Jane Birkin said in a press release that she did not want her name to be mentioned with a briefcase, but this is how it is written in her memories.
Fashion weeks have mass-masked the wave of mini bags.
Mini suitcases appear on the podium as well.
It's hard to shake them off because they're so minute.
They can be used in cross-sections with long suspensions.
But on the podiums, we often see those long poles wrapped around models' wrists.
Fendi was the one who carried the mini bag contents a long way away.
It has a suggestion for those who cannot fit in a mini bag but can't give it up.
The big bags are packed with little bags for friends.
How?
By turning the mini bags into bags that can be attached to bigger ones.
The presentation on the podium quickly gained traction on the street.
Let's see what else!
In essence, a skin change
Turkey is poised to compete with world brands in terms of fashion.
He is now enriching his production experience with design.
Loft is one of them.
Black models, which used to be a few, are now appearing on shelves every season.
In the season when the blacks skyrocketed, the demons found their closest friend.
Delicate details and detailed designs are the enemy of fashion.
Generally called "motobikes", they are short-cut bikes.
The dark pieces add to the strongness of the skin, while long smoorish T-shirts and knitted sweaters add to the sporty look.
In the old days, young people wanted to get dressed up and disappear in crowds.
It was thought to save the day.
Now they want to wear something as elegant as possible.
In this regard, it can be said that Loft's collections and complementary pieces accurately represent his audience.
Small for Banksy, big step for "global"
The world premiere of "The Art of Banksy", a collection of works by the mysterious street artist Banksy, took place in Istanbul.
The exhibition is the first of its kind in the Global Karakoy building, which is the product of his 15-year work and brings together 85 original works for the first time.
The first exhibition of the mysterious street artist Bansky in Istanbul opened at Global Karakoy (Bridge Street) the previous day.
Of course, there were no world-famous artists at the opening, who used anonymous and anonymous names.
We don't know if he's ever come to Istanbul.
But according to the curator of the exhibition, Steve Lazaridas, Bansky is not even familiar with it.
There is no situation that would require his permission.
Because Bansky and Lazaridas, a former friend, left after 12 years.
Some of the exhibited works have been collected by Lazaridas and others by collectors.
However, Bansky's followers have their own concerns.
What did Banksy think about the "The Art of Banksy" exhibition, which brings together 85 works?
For example, how would they like to see a ticket (35 TL) to the exhibition, and what would they say if they saw the tiny store that is finally built on 800 square meters of gallery space?
Would it be fair to say that books such as Red Balloon Girl, Cleaner, Rose Now are printed in suitcases, in wallets, on armchairs, and so on?
Making an exhibition of an artist with an anarchist spirit, hiding his identity, such a commodity is a disappointment for Banksy's followers.
It's not exactly Banksy's style.
But still get the limited number of tickets before they run out!
The "The Art of Banksy", a small exhibition for the banksy, and a big one for the globalising world, can be viewed until April.
They are cheap, they are cruel.
Leavers dig the ditch.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan continued to react to the academics who signed the declaration.
"These are brutal, these are subtle," he said.
Because what is accompanied by evil is evil.
"They committed the same crime because they were with those who carried out the massacre," he said.
"I also shared with the German President and the German Chancellery our sorrow over the deaths of ten of our German friends in Sultanahmet Square, a square of history and civilisation that is a square of peace," said Erdogan, who left the explosion in Sultanahmet as a quagmire.
I would like to convey my condolences to all German citizens, first of all to the families of the deceased."
"Our fight against terrorism will continue with determination," he said.
"I particularly once again condemn, strongly condemn the academics who rose up in the face of all these acts of terrorism and issued a blunt declaration and signed a signature under those massacres," Erdogan said, reacting to the academics who signed the statement.
It does not make anybody understand that our nation has a much closer understanding of who is who, namely, a professor, a lecturer in front of us.
They are greedy people.
They are cruel, they are base.
They committed the same crime because they were with those who carried out the massacre.
It is precisely because of the incident in the Sinai where they said, "Where will these hypocritical academics put the 3-year-old Mevlude, who died with his father?"
How do they have consciousness to stand by his killers?
I invite all judicial authorities, the senates of universities, to take office because of these acts which are contrary to our constitution and laws.
I said yesterday that the steps that need to be taken must be taken swiftly.
Whatever they do, they do it there.
Let those who want to do politics do politics in parliament.
But if they can't do it in parliament, let them dig the ditch or go up the mountain.
I speak so clearly.
TEOG results announced
The results of tests conducted by the Elementary Education to Secondary Education system (TEOG) for the 8th grade, organised by the National Education Ministry (MEB), have been announced.
The results of the test, held on November 25th and 26th, have finally been announced.
Weighted Common Test Result: As part of the Common Tests, the marks from the lectures conducted during the exam are tallied with their weightings.
The total value of the rounds is divided into the total weightings of the lectures, giving a common periodically weighted test score for each cycle.
The arithmetic average of the periodic weighted common examination marks is the weighted common examination mark.
The assessment is based on 700 full marks.
Baseline marks for placement: 6th, 7th and 8th grade achievement points at the end of the year and a common, weighted 8th grade test score.
The total is divided into two places and the base points are awarded.
The poll is conducted on the basis of 500 complete scores.
Teachers' doors pointed
At the Faculty of Communications at Gazi University, some professors put a sheet of paper at the door saying "We don't want to support the PKK in our university."
"Communications on the Internet" was added to the map.
The 1,128 academics who signed the 'Academies for Peace Initiative' group's declaration, entitled 'We Will Not Join This Crime', received numerous reactions, particularly from President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and government officials.
The academics, who were investigated for their signatures, were detained and removed from duty.
At the Faculty of Communications at Gazi University, some professors had papers written at the door saying "We don't want to support the PKK in our university."
"Communications on the Internet..." was added to the poster.
At least 14 people were killed and 27 injured in a rock-rolled tour bus in the mountainous region of Nagano, Japan.
Police officials said a tour bus involving young people between the ages of 10 and 20 travelling for skiing caused an accident near the famous resort town of Karuizawa.
The bus was recorded flying over a 3m-high rock and tipping over its side.
A total of 41 people were reportedly injured and taken to hospitals.
Key Facts: Nagano, Japan, Bus crash
Historical wooden building caught fire
Final drive to the Sacred Heart triumphs
Celine Dion loses wife
René Angélil, the husband of Canadian singer Celine Dion, has died.
Angélil discovered Dion's talent at age 12, and the two married in Montreal in 1994.
After Angélil was diagnosed with cancer in 1999, Celine Dion switched career.
Two wrestlers find 26 kids
Mete Gumurhan's second documentary, "Young Pehlivans", is set at 66th Century.
The Berlin Film Festival's (11-21 February) "Generation Lplus" is the first Turkish documentary to be selected.
Originally from Edirne, but with a production company in the Netherlands, Gumurhan explained why and how he filmed the documentary, which he completed in the summer of 2014.
A documentary titled "Young Hollywood", depicting the life of six-year-old students from Amasya who aspire to become world champions in wrestling, will compete in the Berlin Film Festival's "Generation Kplus' section.
The first Turkish-made documentary to be selected for this section, Genc Pehlivanlar, is one of the candidates for the Crystal Bear award.
Though born in the Netherlands, he is originally a director from Edirne, Mete Gumurhan.
When he arrived on his summer holidays in Turkey, he listened to his grandfather's wrestling movies and watched match-fixing.
"There are no political problems in Turkey."
I wanted to tell the world about something else that happened in Anatolia.
"For example, wrestling as one of our ancestors is unfortunately not well known," she said, meeting with six directors to prepare a documentary project.
This project would fail, but one day the newspaper he was reading on board opened the door to another project for Gumurhan.
'We stayed at the sugar factory'
Mete Gumurhan, a 10-11-year-old wrestler who traces the story of two younger brothers, heads to Samsun, where his family lives.
The children's fathers do not allow shooting for the documentary.
How he overcame the challenge, he explains. "All day I thought about what I can do.
Because support from the Ministry of Culture could have been withdrawn."
The father talked about a boarding school in Amasya, where the children would go.
I decided to go there.
As I searched for two children, I found 26 children at school who were interested in wrestling.
A week later, we started shooting preparations and finished the permits.
We didn't even have a place to stay.
"We stayed in the hostel of the sugar factory."
The documentary, which finished shooting in 3 weeks, was the biggest challenge for the director.
"I didn't know what I would face while shooting," he said, as three different languages were spoken on the set, where he worked as a foreign director and voice actor.
"They didn't know Turkish either," she said.
The young Pehlivans focus on six of the 26 children's wrestlers.
Harun, raised by his grandfather and suffering from weight problems, Harun unable to attend training due to a broken arm, Beytullah, who is ambitious but has health problems, the school's beloved student Umit, the youngest champion Ahmet and Mohammed, who keeps the band together.
"I completely let them go," says Mete Gumurhan, working with the children.
I just tried to use Mohammed everywhere.
I had the first week and a half of training shoots.
My wish was for the children to behave like they don't have cameras.
"Thank God they got used to it fast."
Berlin pick came as a surprise
Mete Gumurhan said he did not expect the young Pehlivans to be chosen for the Berlin Film Festival. "We had the money, but it was a surprise that we were chosen for Berlin," he said.
The Young Pehlivans is not a sports documentary, but one that tells of children's struggles and parts of their lives.
"I wanted to highlight the efforts of children with family problems to find their identity and their ability to cope with their problems," she said.
Support for art world academics
Following the announcement of the "Academicians for Peace Initiative", the storm has gone so far as to call for investigations and detentions of academics, while voices of support have been heard in passing.
The first support came from literary figures, including several well-known names.
The moviemakers announced their support the previous day and the theatre workers theirs yesterday.
"We stand on the side of freedom of expression, equality, the right to life and unconditional peace as artists in theatre and performing arts who call for peace," the statement, signed by 138 performers, said.
"With all our heart and soul, we join the academics in calling for negotiations and peace," it said.
More than 400 filmmakers, including Deniz Turkali, Atilla Ozdemiroglu, Nadir Saribacak, Ozcan Alper, Serra Yilmaz, Onur Ünlü, Yesim Ustaoglu, Pelin Esmer, Tolga Karacelik, said "We stand by free thought and art.
But'siz fakat'siz if'siz: "We will not be partners in this crime!"
Initiatifi, the Academics for Peace, is with us," he said in support of the academics.
"We stand by the academics who have been made targets of the lynching campaign," the Cinema Writers' Association (SIEND) said in a statement.
On January 11th, Amnesty International issued a statement calling for peace and negotiations, with simultaneous statements in Ankara and Istanbul, saying "We are not partners in this crime."
In addition to the 1,128 academics at 89 universities, it was also signed by world-famous thinkers such as Noam Chomsky, David Harvey, Immanuel Wallerstein, Judith Butler, Etienne Balibar and others, with their rules and books.
President Erdogan and Prime Minister Davutoglu sharply criticised the academics' statement as "support for terrorism". Erdogan called on the institutions "to do their part".
Following that call, some universities fired academics, while the state prosecutor's office officially launched an investigation.
In the meantime, several academics have been detained.
My fans, please help me!
The beautiful hair of Hurrem Sultan, the beautiful beard of Beren, the beautiful beard of Justin...
Attempting to resemble celebrities is considered normal at some point, but only after it starts impacting life in its entirety, is viewed as psychological distress.
"Celebrity worship syndrome", also known as celebrity worship syndrome, is a topic that has already become an academic subject in the world, and a new topic that is being discussed in our case.
The fact that ladies run into hairdressers' salons with famous photos is something of a normal occurrence.
But one should not forget the 'Hurrem Sultan' year, when all the boys had Irish hair.
There has already been a story that 'Beren burnu' led in the aesthetics in the rest of 2015.
On the mental level, things are not so different.
Dressing up as Polat Alemdar was a custom at one time.
Now the wind is blowing in the opposite direction.
The Justin Bieber replica was surrounded by hooligans.
The unnecessary information we quoted was read thousands of times on the internet: "Before going to the beach, cut off the sides of your hair, that is, the ears above and around the top of your head."
The only sides will be short.
After the insertion is complete, you should shape your hair with light water.
After the tanning process is over, apply the spray on your hair to fix it.
"Justin needs to be groomed in order to get the crown."
All this brings to mind the newly-spoken 'Celebrity worship syndrome', or celebrity worship syndrome, which has already become an academic topic in the world.
The fans of celebrities are seen as lovers.
The artists boast about their number of fans, how much it influences them.
The psychology, by the way, doesn't see things that way.
It is often disputed that teenagers decide what to eat, drink, listen to, and wear depending on celebrities.
Excessive reliance on names that are incomprehensible is described as role-playing spiritual discomfort.
Specialist psychologist Sumajye Demir acknowledges that Turkey lags behind in efforts in this area.
However, families are slowly becoming aware. "One of the basic issues in the science of pathology is that one is at peace with oneself, at peace with oneself in one's identity."
Previously, it was not considered very serious to fill a room with posters or to disguise someone.
Now that is changing.
She feels the need to intervene.
"Being passionate about someone is a sign that things are going wrong in young people's life."
Fans take the emotional high-speed train
The interest in celebrities is safe, but without going overboard.
Demir suggests that one should pay attention to signs such as not wanting to marry, having a wife, or preferring her clothes.
We're talking about people with a reputation.
It is so normal to wonder about them, to take in their lives.
But most of the teenagers seem to be losing touch with the whims of a specialised psychotherapist. "When there are no representatives in the family or around the child, the gap is wide," he says.
There are not always good examples.
"You are a child who copies negatives."
When we talk to them about how to approach them, Sumeye Demir starts off by reminding them that celebrity attachment syndrome occurs mainly in adolescents.
The problem is more easily overcome if one considers the potential insecurity of the teens themselves.
We are faced with young people who, on the one hand, brace for the limitations of their families while on the other, await support and mercy. "We have to take into account their emotional rise."
New research suggests they are being forced by changes in their brains.
"The passionate connection of a young man to a faster train should be naturally welcomed; it should be moderate."
Change of attitudes possible
Specialist psychologist Sumajye Demir recalls his parents' responsibilities to overcome the celebrity worship syndrome.
Know his emotional distress, make sure to be calm before you get into the issue.
Never let them suppress their emotions.
To encourage independence, state that you respect his admiration.
Set a good example instead of teaching by preaching, and discuss the names of role models for him.
Together, try to capture the everyday place of celebrities in our daily lives.
I think it helps to read books together that tell the real world of the knights.
Transform your communication into a conversational adult.
Remember that dependence and motivation are the same things in the brain.
Share with your child that mistakes are an opportunity for change, accept them as they are.
You don't have to have expert fan support.
The nervous and the dejected admirers
The nobleman's syndrome is rooted in the need to pray and seek help from others.
The unstoppable love is actually a cry for help.
Unfortunately, it is not perceived as such.
Moreover, the problem is so pervasive that it is impossible to confine it to one country or one continent.
Dr. Recai Jahjagaoglu notes that there are certain figures in every country that are busy with television.
The syndrome manifests itself primarily in connection with these celebrities: "They are out of the ordinary."
The vast majority do not have the means.
The owners do not live by acting the way they do.
They are either untouchable or discouraged.
"But he continues to watch with anger, both those who are impossible and those who are impossible and cannot live like them."
It doesn't really matter if you're being grumpy or if you're being grumpy.
Both feed on the inside of the Wilderness.
They make inexpensive money, they're on the menu in the department store.
Even knowing this is enough to increase fanfare.
Expert psychologist Sumajye Demir recommends at this point to question the authenticity of those lives.
One should not lose sight of the fact that everyday lives are at stake.
The person who is passionate about knighthood is getting the support of the environment.
He insists, however, that his celebrity fans have his problems.
VIKO by Panasonic's Children's Theatre will perform for students as part of Energy Efficiency Week.
The children's play "For a Memory of the Future" contains messages on energy efficiency, the protection of natural resources and recycling.
The play is free of charge at the Skopje Koza Theatre from 1pm to 4pm on January 16th and 17th.
A piano wind in the capital
Festival: The Ankara Piano Festival promises to breathe its audience with its melody.
Organised by Altus Sanat-Kultural, the festival awaits music lovers in different parts of the city.
Famous pianists such as Stefano Bollani and Angela Hewitt will perform in Ankara.
They will meet children and young people outside the stage, in schools as well, in order to infuse them with love for music and art.
For more details: www.ankarapianofestival.com
To the gentle grip of the Bosphorus...
Concert: Business Art performs Candan Ercetin, who has won the appreciation of music lovers for his albums and concerts, featuring the voices of Anatolia, Mesopotamia, the Balkans and the Caucasus, as well as "Kardas Turkuler", the famous group of musicians from France, with their interpretations of Turkish pop and folk music in different forms.
The concert, dubbed "Songs passing the Stag", will take place at 20:30 on Tuesday evening (January 26th).
Tickets on Biletix are between 46 and 83 TL.
Cafes, jazz music and, of course, Franz Kafka...
Exhibition: The well-known Czech artist Jiri Sliva is presenting his work for the first time in Istanbul.
In his works at the "Kafka (them) in Istanbul" exhibition, he works on cafes, jazz music, his love and Franz Kafka.
The exhibition is open until 31 January and can be visited at the Schneidertempel Art Centre in Karakoy.
For information: www.schneidertempel.com
Cuban musicians line up in Istanbul
Exhibition: Painter Gulay Aytan presents 30 works in his personal exhibition "Variation".
An exhibition of portraits and abstract works brings to life the imagery of Istanbul along the lines of the princess and musicians from the streets of Cuba.
Aytan's work -- bringing together different techniques with ingenuity -- can be visited at the Zorlu Centre Eataly through Friday (February 5th).
Guitar masters in Istanbul
Show: Akbank Art hosts world-renowned guitar masters and young talent in January as part of its "Akbank Art Guitar Days".
World-renowned Hungarian guitarist and composer Ferenc Snetberger will perform on Wednesday (January 20th).
As part of the event, Marek Pasieczny -- a selection of talented contemporary music composers -- will meet his fans on Thursday (January 28th).
The Guitar Days will wrap up on January 30th with a Trio concert by the band Jean Baptiste Hardy, who performed their album "On Verra".
The concerts start at 8pm.
Tickets on Ticketix are between 13-23 TL.
The purest of feelings that have begun to fade away
Exhibition: Mustafa Ayaz Foundation's Museum of Plastic Arts, one of the art lovers' stops in Ankara, is celebrating its sixth anniversary in 2016 with an art exhibition by Kadir Oztoprak.
In his paintings, the artist describes feelings coming to the surface in the purest forms, inviting visitors to a virtual world of colours, fabrics and stains.
The exhibition, titled "A Lover's Table", is open until 31 January.
You'll have fun, but also regret
Theatre: "Insufficient Supper", starring Hakan Yilmaz and Hande Subashi, is on the MoI Stage this evening.
Two dark comedy episodes tell a funny story involving a married couple who spends unnecessarily and then rents a room in their house to pay their credit card debts.
The play's lead actors, Turgut Tunçalp and September Ozturk, are accompanied.
Tickets on Ticketix cost 45 TL.
Should I undergo surgery? - Family - Health Reporting - Zaman Daily News
Dr. Fevzi Ozgonul answers questions in his column in the daily Meydan.
I have stones in my stove, and every morning when I wake up, I go to bed with my heartache after the meals, two or more times a day.
Does that prevent me from gaining weight?
At the moment, I'm starting to use scales, but my appetite is not diminishing, I can't afford any weight.
Ever since I was a child.
What should I do?
Should I undergo surgery?
CEVAP: Frequently, gastrointestinal transplants are accompanied by infection.
The pain of this stomach, which comes right after the meal, is a sign that when you eat, the sourness of the table is melted and the sapphire of the algae is empty in your intestines.
Uncomfortable with the drug-infested stomach, the intestines quickly try to dig it out.
That's why you're often on stands.
Your food is thrown away without being stimulated because you are in a dry state, and your weight gain is slow.
I think you have to treat it.
If you go to a gastroenterologist and the condition I told you about is detected, you can avoid it by using antibiotics.
But eventually you may have to have whole-heart surgery too.
Alkaline probiotic can reduce those symptoms somewhat, but it does not go away.
Whatever the case may be, continue using duct probiotics.
Because the biggest aid for you to weaken is probiotic dust.
I eat a lot when I'm stressed
When I am stressed and nervous, my husband gives me food and puts on weight.
How can I deal with that?
CEVAP: The desire to overeat actually means that energy needs cannot be met fully.
This could be due to a lack of food, or to overeating morning and afternoon meals.
Another reason is your inability to digest fats.
This requires your immune system to function properly.
If you do not have ulcers, diarrhea or a similar problem, the easiest way is to take a good probiotic.
You'll see too much of it.
I cannot lose weight, doctors don't know why
In your village, information is usually weak.
They sound very reasonable to me, but my situation is a bit different.
I cannot afford any weight.
Most importantly, I don't know why.
Doctors say nothing.
CEVAP: The techniques we employ are not only for weakening but also for restoring the physiological function of the body and returning it to its ideal dimensions.
Dysfunction and weakness are the same kinds of discomfort.
Failure to gain weight in arthritis and failure to gain weight in weakness are treated with the same technique.
When you eat sweet and pastries, you get even weaker.
My dear friend, you have understood that so far.
It is also possible for you to be prescribed with karboksipunktur and gain weight with a healthy diet.
That is to say, you have weakened and strayed from your ideal body.
Other patients have grown away from their ideal bodies.
By gaining weight you will reach your ideal body, and they will gain weight by gaining it.
If the systemic problem disappears, you gain weight and they gain weight.
But first of all, the system needs to function properly.
Peace Arduc-Aktüel Magazine Edited by Esra Erol, the woman of the year, and the last minute magazine
Burçin Terzioglu, Esra Erol, Demet Akalın and Buse Terim were awarded the "Women's Awards" for the second time this year.
This year was the first time that 49 nominees in 10 categories have been nominated for the awards, in collaboration with Avon and Elele Magazine, for women who made their mark in 2015.
On the night the successful women were honoured, the most talked-about actor of the late era, Baris Arduc, was awarded the Illusive Man of 2015.
The awards ceremony, held earlier in the evening at the Shangri-La Bosphorus Hotel, included Journalist of the Year Ezgi Basaran, Entrepreneur of the Year Buse Terim, Writer of the Year Sebnem Burcuoglu, Science Woman of the Year Elif Genceli Guner, Singer of the Year Demet Akalın, Artist of the Year Lara Melda Omeroglu in the category of Fine Arts, Athlete of the Year Sakha Ercumen, Actor of the Year Burcin Terzioglu, and Woman of the Year Esra Erol
The winners of the Elele AVON Women's Awards 2015 were first presented to the public for a vote.
Subsequently, the candidates -- Hulya Kocyigit, Mehmet Y.Yilmaz, Ertugrul Ozkok, Nihat Odabashi, Aret Vartanyan, Leyla Alaton, Esin Ovet, Ayse Arman and Ahmet Gunestekin -- were evaluated and the winners were determined by the Women of the Year 2015 Jury.
Child feels worthless, but gets caught up in hate
There are some feelings that are born in the human sensory world.
Fear, sadness, happiness, confusion, anger, anxiety...
However, feelings such as hatred, disgust, revenge and so on develop over time and in the form of some wrong attitudes.
Every person needs to be an individual, including the period of childhood.
That is, he or she wants to respect his or her decisions, to be consulted on matters of interest to him or her, and to feel valuable.
Ensuring them is the basis of a healthy personality.
For example, deciding instead of the child what matters to him or her (what he or she will wear, what he or she will eat), ignoring the child's wishes and insisting instead on his or her own right (for example, sending a child to a soccer course and then sending him or her to a gymnastics course) does not respect the child's personality.
The defence mechanism develops anger and hatred to protect the child as his or her identity and existence is not respected and he or she loses the freedom to be 'themselves'.
Psychologist Hilal Arslan says the boy does not accept what has been done to him by hatred, but he tries to explain to himself and his environment that he is worth it.
The fact that the child does not accept the situation and reacts in this way is a positive development for his personal development, the expert psychologist said. "The hatred here means 'I am' and it serves the child's purpose to protect the respect for him or her."
"If the child is allowed to be a person, then the hate goes away," he says.
Child tries to protect self-esteem by sheltering anger and hatred
At a young age, when children are most vulnerable both physically and mentally, exposure to verbal and emotional violence by their parents can lead to negative feelings in the child, Arslan says, adding that with carelessness, the child will be able to live with the feeling that his or her existence is unrecognised and invisible.
"Sometimes it is not only the emotional needs are met (not to pee, not to tie up and kiss, not to take care of school or other needs), but sometimes the physical needs are not met (eating, drinking, housing, school needs, etc.)," Arslan says.
It is an upbringing attitude that opens the door to anger and hatred.
In emotional and verbal violence, there are acts such as humiliating, insulting, scorn, rebuking, imposing unnecessary and severe punishments, feeling worthless, shouting.
These attitudes are deeply rooted in the child's personality.
"The child either accepts them, loses self-esteem and spends his life drenched in self-esteem, in a sense that he is worthless, unwelcome and inadequate, or seeks to preserve his identity by resorting to anger and hatred."
His coach gives Boyko to Besiktas!
Dnipro, which wants to hire two players from Besiktas, is preparing for the second half in Antalya Belek.
Technical Director Myron Markevych spoke to the broadcaster about Denys Boyko, 27, who is listed in the Black-White list.
"If the two clubs can agree, I'll be happy if Boyko goes to Besiktas and he becomes the champion," Markavych said, praising the national guard.
Speaker Fikret Orman and fellow Brazilian Douglas Silva Bacelar, who was born in 1990 and plans to transfer his staff, also took note of the 64-year-old worker's case, noting that his student from the Bundesliga, Stuttgart, is also interested.
Meanwhile, Jose Sosa of the Black-Whites received details of the official offer from River Plate.
Club president Rodolfo D'Onofrio explained that they offered $2m for the seasoned midfielder, but Besiktas asked for $9m.
As he heads to the top in Group C of the Turkish Cup, Kartal looks to the Super League.
In the 18th week, preparations are under way for the Mersin train home match, which will be played tomorrow at the Bashkir Stadium.
Football club goes to Constitutional Court for deleted score
Denizlispor will apply individually to the Constitutional Court to seek the Turkish Football Federation's (TFF) Board of Appeal's right to 3 points, on the grounds that it does not meet the financial criteria.
Denizlispor President Mustafa Shavluk said that because the Board of Appeal's decision is final, they will take it to the Constitutional Court.
"The judicial path is now exhausted," he said.
Natural persons can also apply.
The Board of Appeal had to decide every three months.
According to the Estimates Board Working Table, the reasoned decision had to be announced every three months.
It has been four months since we submitted our application.
If the Constitutional Court says 'the rights are being violated here', the situation can turn to our favour.
"We will not give up," he said.
She added that her application could be the first in the sports community.
No hurricane to stop hopefuls
Turkey and Greece's Coast Guard rescued 118 Syrian and Pakistani nationals who were on their way from Bodrum with boats and fishing boats on their way to safety.
At 04.00 this morning, 105 Syrians -- including women and children -- boarded a 15-metre-long fishing boat from the Yalıkavak Mahallesi Küdür Mevkii to cross the island of Kilimli (Calimos) in Greece. They crashed into the rocks of Kargi Island.
Turkish Coast Guard crews, assisted by fishermen, rescued the Syrians stranded on a skiing boat.
The 105 fugitives were brought to the Port of Yalikovac.
Thirteen fugitives of Pakistani and Syrian nationals tried to cross the Greek island of Istikhoe (Kos Island) in a 5m-long rubber boat from Turgutreis, while the boat was dragged off the coast of the island of Psomiadis due to storms and currents.
The Greek Coast Guard patrolled the area at 7pm, spotting the boats as they sank and were in danger of sinking.
Refugees, some of whom ended up at sea, were rescued and taken to Kilimli Island.
At least 20 dead, 15 wounded-World Reporting - Zaman Daily News
At least 20 people were killed and 15 injured in a bomb and gun attack in the capital of Burkina Faso, the West African country, in Ouagadougou, on a popular hotel and nearby café among foreigners.
The attack was carried out by a local group of Croats, linked to al-Qaeda.
Militants reportedly held hostages in the 147-room Splendid Hotel.
An operation by security forces is under way at the hotel five hours after the attack.
Blasts and loud gunfire are heard from the building, where no one was approached.
Part of the hotel's fire is continuing due to the explosives.
It is not yet known how many people were held hostage inside.
It was found that the hotel was particularly favoured by foreigners and UN officials.
Robert Sangare, director of the Yalgado Ouedraogo Hospital, said 20 people died during the siege, 15 were in serious condition and were concerned that the death toll could rise.
In a coup attempt in Burkina Faso last September, the interim president was briefly abducted.
Burkina Faso Prime Minister Paul Kaba Thieba announced his new cabinet three days ago, with President Roch Marc Christian Kabore also serving as defence minister.
Romania seeks transparency in election spending
A new draft law is being prepared in Romania to fully determine the source of the money used for elections and to establish a ceiling for spending.
The government wants to see greater transparency in financial aid from individuals and companies that sponsor politicians in elections.
The draft law also calls for curbing the use of 'decisive money' in elections.
It would require each party or individual to spend the money for electoral propaganda through a bank account.
All money spent in this way will be able to be checked more transparently and more regularly by the Romanian Electoral College (AEP).
In addition, the bill plans to impose a ceiling on spending.
The Key: Romania, election spending, transparency, Bucharest
Germany's minister arrives in Istanbul, visits hospital injured
WMD hits Jakarta this time
Bahceli to rest today
MHP President Devlet Bahceli, who is undergoing surgery at a private hospital in Kocaeli's Tchairova County, is reportedly due to take a break today.
MHP leader Devlet Bahceli was diagnosed yesterday at the Anadolu Health Centre in Tchai Gorova.
The government issued a written statement regarding Bahceli's health.
"He was admitted to our hospital as part of a planned health check-up, as stated by the MHP Press Bureau," the statement said.
There is an angioscopy done within the controls.
"The health situation is very good, and he is resting at our hospital today," they said.
MHP Kocaeli MP Saffet Sancakli, who came to the hospital to visit Bahceli, said, "As you know, our chairman-in-office passed through a controlled engine."
He is in good health.
He will continue his rest at the hospital today.
They have many greetings to everyone.
The health situation is good, we have no problems.
Next, doctors will look again.
"You know, in these cases, the most important thing is what the doctors will say."
Attacks on journalists in Turkey become commonplace
Ahead of Prime Minister Davutoglu's visit to London next week, 25 prominent writers sent a jointly signed Turkish letter to British Prime Minister Cameron.
Writers from PEN asked Cameron to discuss the decline in press and freedom of expression in Turkey during his meeting with Davutoglu.
Britain's top writers have sent a letter to Prime Minister David Cameron asking him to address the decline in press freedom and freedom of expression in Turkey during his counterpart Ahmet Davutoglu's visit to London next week.
Twenty-five writers, including the presidents of the International Writers' Union (PEN) in Britain, Wales and Scotland, expressed their serious concern over "unprecedented pressures on freedom of expression in Turkey".
Threatings and physical attacks against journalists, writers and publishers are now commonplace, the authors said, citing attacks on the offices of the daily Hurriyet, raids on the Koza Silk Media Group and confiscations.
The letter of PEN members, including famous British writers Tom Stoppard, Ali Smith, Ian Rankin and Elif Shafak, highlighted that three journalists working for the Vice News agency were arrested, that other journalists had been indicted and that arrests against journalists continued.
The arrest of Can Dundar and Erdem Gul in the investigation of the MİT TIRs also raised concerns, the authors said, adding that "it is of vital importance that journalists in Turkey fulfil their original duties in society, limit the public and allow them to be informed without censorship."
The attacks on writers and publishers, they told reporters, violated the freedoms of all of Turkish society.
He said that because of the widespread "culture of impunity, journalists and writers are subjected to methods of intimidation that go as far as physical assaults.
The writers noted that the number of Turkish citizens who have been sued for "insulting the president" has increased, and that after Erdogan was elected in 2014, his predecessors filed more insulting charges than the total.
Davutoglu's words remain unchanged
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, who is due to visit London next week, was highlighted as one of the few government members who expressed support for press freedom, a statement that was not translated into action.
"For this reason, Davutoglu's visit to London represents an important opportunity to clearly undertake freedom of expression in Turkey," the letter said.
The authors asked Cameron to urge Prime Minister Davutoglu to ensure that his government respects Turkey's obligations regarding freedom of expression.
The 25 authors who signed the letter:
Monica Ali, Alan Bissett, William Boyd, Chris Brookmyre, Gillian Clarke, Drew Campbell ( Scottish PEN President), Fflur Dafydd, Stevie Davies, Menna Elfyn (Galler PEN President), Moris Farhi, Maureen Freely (UK PEN President), Richard Gwyn, Mark Haddon, David Hare, Eva Hoffman, Hari Kunzru, Robert Minhinnick, Blake Morrison, Neel Mukherjee, Ian Rankin, Elif Shafak, Owen Sheers, Ali Smith, Tom Stoppard, Sarah Waters.
Clashes spread to all neighbourhoods in Cizre, 2 children killed in the yard of a house
A ban on entering a street in the Serb province of Cizre has been imposed since December 14th.
Gunshots and explosions went off in the first day of the ban.
Sometimes, the town is the scene of very violent clashes, with residents fleeing.
A house in the Dagkapi neighbourhood was hit by a bomb, causing the deaths of two children, aged 11 and 12.
The ban on going in the streets in Cizre also extended to day 33.
Clashes between security forces and the PKK have left citizens in a difficult position.
For the remaining 33 days, residents of the Nur, Cudi, Sur and Jafes Mahalle neighbourhoods, where the ditches are located, have been left without electricity and water.
She was forced to migrate to neighbourhoods where there were no roads and barricades, due to the conflict.
Some citizens left the town with a white flag on their cars, while those who didn't have a car carried their belongings and moved to nearby towns and cities.
Particularly in the neighbourhoods with ditches and barricades, clashes continued, with residents moving to more centralised neighbourhoods.
However, recent clashes in these neighbourhoods have forced residents to move out.
In Dagkapi Mahalla, one of these neighbourhoods, the uncle's children, Yusuf Akalin, 12, and Büşra Akalin, 11, died when a piece of shrapnel hit their post-explosive body while in the courtyard of their home.
Three people were injured after an explosive device was thrown into a building in the predominantly populated area of Şah Mahalla.
With the legislation passed by a month, most citizens have become in need of cash.
With all banks and ATMs closed in the county, citizens had to use the Credit Card.
Non-credit card holders are in dire straits.
Unable to afford food and medicine, many have emigrated.
Residents of the district can make ends meet with the help of relatives and Cizre charity workers.
There is no medical intervention available only for those suffering from dental pain in the town where emergency cases can be taken to hospital.
Education is not offered in the town, where schools have been closed since December 14th, the start of the major operation.
Students taking the Open School (AÖF) exam, scheduled for January 16th and 17th, failed.
The National Education Ministry announced that the exam for students from the Silopi and Cizre counties will be held in Mardin.
However, students who did not want to go did not take the exams, as they are still banned from going in the streets in the counties, there are no vehicles to go to Mardin, and entrances to the counties are forbidden.
Several killed, wounded
At least 23 people were killed and 33 injured in a bomb and gun attack in the capital of Burkina Faso, the West African country, in Ouagadougou, on a popular hotel and nearby café among foreigners.
A post-assault operation resulted in the rescue of 126 hostages.
Three of the attackers were disabled, the security minister reported.
Armed and with guns, several attackers stormed the 147-room hotel and luxury restaurant in the capital, Ouagadougou, at 8pm local time on Friday evening.
Five hours after the initial attack, French and UN security forces deployed in Gao, Mali, launched the operation and there were first reports of hostage absorption.
At least 23 people from 18 different nationalities died and 33 were injured, according to President Roch Marc Christian Kabore.
In the aftermath of the attack, 126 hostages were rescued.